-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LaMGnfVMSVyOjWfH6NpTo5/2qV2Lm2vQ5154DmlB03XohuDknInsxgQ/XoEaaYIg
 8JwyKALZ4qCN8g5Kc/SdMg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000004911-94-000016.txt : 19940523
<IMS-HEADER>0000004911-94-000016.hdr.sgml : 19940523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000004911-94-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940225
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940518

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AEL INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000004911
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3812
		IRS NUMBER:				231353403
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0226

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00230
		FILM NUMBER:		94529234

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		305 RICHARDSON RD
		CITY:			LANSDALE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19446
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2158222929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		305 RICHARDSON ROAD
		CITY:			LANSDALE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19446

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN ELECTRONIC LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19761019
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>BASIC DOCUMENT
<TEXT>


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                   FORM 10-K

                 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended February 25, 1994  Commission file number 0-230


                              AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Pennsylvania                                      23-1353403
(State or other jurisdiction of                   (IRS Employer
                                                  Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

                    305 Richardson Road, Lansdale, PA  19446
               (Address of principal executive offices/Zip Code)

       (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) (215) 822-2929

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      NONE

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                Class A common stock Par Value $1.00 (nonvoting)

                 Class B common stock Par Value $1.00 (voting)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

YES  /X/  NO /   /

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   /X/<PAGE>

State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant.  $769,451


     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. (May 2, 1994)

                    Class A common stock, par value $1.00 - 3,336,292 

                    Class B common stock, par value $1.00 -   434,717

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

       The following documents are incorporated by reference into the Part
of the Form 10-K specified herein:  (1) Annual Report to Shareholders for
fiscal year 1994 furnished to the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-3(b)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (but only to the extent set forth
in Parts I and II of this Annual Report); (2) Proxy Statement dated May 18,
1994 for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (but only to the extent set forth in Part III of this
Annual Report).<PAGE>

                                     PART I
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

     AEL Industries, Inc. (the "Company" or "AEL") is principally engaged
in the Electronic Defense Products and Services business.  This business
consists primarily of the design and manufacture of electronic
countermeasures systems, simulation systems, radar receivers, microwave
integrated circuits and other electronic equipment, and avionics installa-
tion and integration services for the United States and foreign governments
and their suppliers.  The Company also provides other services such as
calibration, product testing and technical publication.  

     Incorporated in 1950 under the name American Electronic Laboratories,
Inc., the Company became a holding company and adopted its present name in
1976.  During fiscal year 1992 the Company consolidated all of its domestic
operations into AEL Defense Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary.  On February
26, 1994 AEL Defense Corp. was merged into the Company.  The Company's
registered office and principal administrative and executive offices are
located at 305 Richardson Road, Lansdale, Pennsylvania 19446, approximately
28 miles north of Philadelphia, and the telephone number is 215-822-2929.  

                    Electronic Defense Products and Services

Products and Services

     The Electronic Defense Products and Services business consists
primarily of the design, manufacture and servicing of products sold to U.S.
Government agencies and their suppliers.  The Company also sells products
to foreign governments and their suppliers.  Please refer to Note 10 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for fiscal year 1994 for
industry segment information.

     Revenues from aircraft avionics installation and integration programs
(including the ANVIS/HUD and QF-106 programs) were approximately 33%, 29%
and 34% of the Company's consolidated sales and service revenues in fiscal
years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  Avionics installation and
integration programs for fixed and rotary wing aircraft are of continued
significance to the Company.  Through these programs the Company has
installed electronic systems in a wide variety of aircraft.

     Another significant product group is electronic countermeasures
systems, which accounted for 22%, 24% and 16% of the Company's consolidated
sales and service revenues in fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  These systems include the Army's TACJAM-A program which
accounted for 5% of consolidated revenues in fiscal year 1994, 11% in
fiscal year 1993 and 4% in fiscal year 1992, and a naval electronics
warfare system ordered by a foreign customer which accounted for 6% of
consolidated revenues in fiscal year 1994, 5% in fiscal year 1993 and 11%
in fiscal year 1992.

     Sales of radar warning receivers (including the AN/ALR-67, AN/APR-39A
and SANTA) accounted for 10%, 8% and 7% of the Company's consolidated sales
and service revenues in fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

     Jamming simulator programs (including the AN/MLQ-T4, AN/FSQ-T22 and
Embedded Radar Environment Simulators), accounted for 11%, 10% and 18% of
the Company's consolidated sales and service revenues in fiscal years 1994,
1993 and 1992, respectively.

     In the manufacture of its products, the Company uses raw materials
which generally are readily available from several sources.  The Company
owns various registered trademarks.  The Company relies principally upon
engineering and marketing skills to maintain and enhance its competitive
position in the electronic defense markets.  Although most of the Company's
business is not dependent upon patent or similar protection, the Company's
research and development efforts have yielded patents in certain areas of
technology.

     The U.S. Government is a customer of particular significance to the
Electronic Defense Products and Services business.  Sales directly to the
U.S. Government comprised approximately 47%, 47% and 53% of the Company's
consolidated sales and service revenues in fiscal years 1994, 1993 and
1992, respectively.  The majority of additional domestic revenues are
attributable to contracts with suppliers to the U.S. Government.  Contracts
awarded to the Company by the U.S. Government and its suppliers are
generally complex and occasionally require significant technological
advances.  The loss of direct U.S. Government business would have a
material adverse effect on the operations of this business and the Company. 
Any major curtailment in Government spending or appropriations for
electronic defense products and services could also materially and
adversely affect the Company's operations by reducing the Company's
opportunities to contract with other U.S. Government suppliers.

     Approximately three-quarters of the Company's domestic revenues in
fiscal year 1994 were derived from contracts awarded on a fixed-price
basis, which obligate the Company to deliver equipment or perform services
at a fixed price without regard to the cost incurred.  Fixed-price
contracts with the U.S. Government and suppliers to the U.S. Government
frequently include a progress payment or milestone payment clause, which
provides for payment to the Company of a significant portion of the costs
of performing a contract as they are incurred.  The remaining one-quarter
of domestic revenues arose from contracts awarded on a cost-plus or time-
and-material basis, under which the Company is reimbursed for the cost of
performance (plus a fee or profit) up to a negotiated ceiling amount. 
Contracts with the U.S. Government and suppliers to the U.S. Government
generally provide for termination at any time for the convenience of the
Government, and upon such termination a contractor is entitled to receive
payment for the work performed plus a pro rata portion of the profit it
would have earned but for the termination.

Competition

     A considerable number of companies are engaged in the sale of
electronic defense products and services.  Competition has significantly
increased over the last few years as a result of decreased Government
spending and appropriations.  Overall, there are fewer programs (especially
start-ups) on which to bid and, therefore, the Company faces greater
competition in its traditional product areas.  In response to competitive
pressures, the Company sometimes agrees to invest its own funds in the
performance of a program to enhance the likelihood of receiving a contract
award.  Competitors of the Company include large diversified corporations
and smaller, highly specialized firms.  The Company's competitive position
ultimately depends on its technical expertise and the price and quality of
its products and services.  Because of the variety of its activities, it is
impossible to state precisely the competitive position of the Company with
respect to each of its product groups.  The Company does not have dominance
in the markets for its products.

Marketing

     The products and services of this business are marketed primarily in
the United States to the U.S. Government and its suppliers.  The Company
also markets its products overseas through its AEL Systems International
Division.  Sales are made on the basis of competitive bids or negotiated
contracts, primarily through direct contact between the Company's technical
and marketing employees and the technical and purchasing representatives of
its customers.  The Company also generates sales through the use of trade
and catalog advertising.

Backlog

     The backlog of firm orders was $121,478,000 at February 25, 1994 and
$156,306,000 at February 26, 1993.  Approximately 12% of the backlog at
February 25, 1994 was firm but unfunded.  Approximately 50% of the total
backlog consisted of orders from the U.S. Government and 22% from foreign
customers.  As of February 25, 1994, approximately 29% of the backlog
consisted of orders for electronic countermeasures systems including 12%
for TACJAM-A and 11% for an order from a foreign government; 7%, orders for
jamming simulators; 35%, orders for avionics installation/integration
programs, including 17% for ANVIS/HUD; and 19%, orders for radar warning
receivers, including 18% for AN/APR-39A.  Approximately 70% of the total
backlog is expected to be completed in fiscal year 1995.  
<PAGE>
                           Other Business Information

Research and Development

     During fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992 the Company expended
approximately $2,162,000, $2,501,000 and $1,742,000, respectively, on
Company-sponsored research and development.  In addition, there were
expenditures for customer-sponsored research and development which are not
readily identifiable since many contracts awarded to the Company have R&D
effort commingled with production effort.  In customer-sponsored research
and development contracts, the proprietary rights to the development belong
to the customer; however, the Company generally obtains technical know-how
which it may be able to apply in other fields.  

     Fluctuations in company-sponsored R&D result from changes in the
allocation of available cash and technical resources, including personnel. 
Company-sponsored R&D may lead to innovations which are attractive to
potential customers and which may then be adapted to the customer's needs
and incorporated into systems.  The Company's R&D focus is to create
technological and bidding advantages in major new system programs.
     
     As a result of its research and development efforts, the Company may
become one of a small number of suppliers of the items developed, which may
result in the award of production contracts to the Company.  The Company is
significantly involved in the field of advanced electronics which entails a
high degree of technological obsolescence resulting from the rapid
advancements made both by the Company and others within the industry.  It
is therefore extremely difficult to measure the useful life of any specific
product or service at the time of development.

Employees

     At April 29, 1994 the Company had 1162 employees, 332 of whom are
engineers.  The Company believes its relations with employees are generally
satisfactory.  The Company's employees are not covered by collective
bargaining agreements.

Foreign Sales

     The Company has no foreign operations.  However, foreign sales
accounted for approximately 13%, 10% and 15% of consolidated sales and
service revenues in fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  All
sales of military products to foreign customers must be approved by the
U.S. Government; such approvals are subject to revocation and may be
adversely affected by changes in U.S. Government export policy.  There
exist certain risks inherent in foreign transactions which may not be
present in domestic transactions, including currency fluctuations, changes
in foreign government policies, differences in international laws and
difficulties in negotiating and litigating with foreign entities.  The
Company has taken reasonable measures to reduce such risks by requiring in
appropriate cases payment in U.S. currency, letters of credit, advanced
deposits, and by retaining title to goods delivered until payment.

Environmental Matters - See Item 3 of this report.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     As of May 6, 1994, the Company owned or leased a total of
approximately 750,000 square feet of office and plant space with main
facilities in Pennsylvania, Illinois, Georgia, Virginia, New Jersey and
Ohio.  The Company owns most of these facilities.  The operations of the
Electronic Defense Products and Services business are carried on at all of
the Company's main facilities.  In order to consolidate its Pennsylvania
operations, approximately 50,000 square feet were added to the Company's
headquarters facility in fiscal year 1994.  No discussion of productive
capacity and extent of utilization is provided because the Company is not
involved in a traditional manufacturing business.  Its products are
principally custom designed and sold in small quantities.  The present
facilities are considered to be suitable, adequate, and well-equipped for
the Company's operations.  

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Company has provided documents relating to the AN/MLQ-T4 Ground
Jammer program to the Department of Defense pursuant to a subpoena issued
by its Inspector General in September 1992.   At this time the Company
cannot determine when the Government will complete its investigation or
whether it will seek remedies in connection with this investigation.  

     In March 1989 the United States Environmental Protection Agency
("EPA") placed a site that includes the Company's Richardson Road property
on the National Priorities List for detailed study and cleanup of alleged
environmental contamination.  A revised Remedial Investigation/Feasibility
Study Work Plan, written under the direction of the Company and other
potentially responsible parties and under the overall guidance of the EPA,
was submitted to the EPA in September 1993.  The Company continues to
cooperate with the EPA in the study of this site.  The cost of performing
the Study defined in the Plan and the eventual remediation, if required, is
not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial
position.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during
the fourth quarter ended February 25, 1994.<PAGE>

                     EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

     The following table sets forth information concerning the executive
officers of the Company.  Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of
Directors.


Name                Age                 Position

Dr. Leon Riebman    74             Chairman of the Board, President
                                        and Chief Executive Officer 

George King         56             Executive Vice President and Chief
                                        Financial Officer


  Dr. Riebman is a founder of the Company and has served as a director and
Chief Executive Officer since the Company's organization in 1950, and as
Chairman of the Board of Directors since 1987.  In 1993 he reassumed the
role of President, a position he had held from 1950 to 1983.  Dr. Riebman
is also a director of Ampal Corp. (New York, NY) and Bank & Trust Co. of
Old York Road (Willow Grove, PA).

  Mr. King joined the Company as Vice President in 1975 and was named
Senior Vice President in 1985 and Executive Vice President in 1992.<PAGE>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.          MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
                              STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

  The Class A common stock of the Company is traded in the over-the-counter
market and is listed in the National Market System maintained by the
National Association of Securities Dealers under the symbol AELNA.  The
Class B common stock trades only sporadically in the over-the-counter
market, which does not constitute an established public trading market.  On
May 2, 1994 there were 1546 record holders of Class A common stock and 85
record holders of Class B common stock.  The following table sets forth for
the periods shown the high and low closing prices for the Company's Class A
common stock as furnished by NASDAQ.

Fiscal Year                                    High           Low

1993

  First Quarter..................              8-1/4          7                 
  Second Quarter.................              8-1/2          5-3/8
  Third Quarter..................              7-1/2          5-1/2
  Fourth Quarter.................              7              5-3/4

1994

  First Quarter..................              7-1/4          5-3/4
  Second Quarter.................              7-1/4          5         
  Third Quarter..................              8-1/4          6-1/2
  Fourth Quarter.................              10-1/4         7-1/4


  The Company has never paid, and there are no present plans to pay, a cash
dividend on its common stock.  Future dividend policy will be determined by
the Board of Directors in light of the prevailing financial needs and
earnings of the Company and other relevant factors.  

ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
  
  The information appearing under the caption "Selected Financial Data"
contained in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year
1994 is incorporated herein by reference.
  


ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                      CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

  The information appearing under the caption "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" contained in the
Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year 1994 is incorpor-
ated herein by reference.

<PAGE>
ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

  The information listed below appears in the Company's Annual Report to
Shareholders for fiscal year 1994 and is incorporated herein by reference.

  Report of Independent Auditors

  Consolidated Balance Sheets at February 25, 1994 and February 26, 1993

  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended February
  25, 1994

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended February
  25, 1994

  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the three years ended
  February 25, 1994

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
                      ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

           None.<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

  The information under the caption "Election of Directors" contained in
the Company's Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
is incorporated herein by reference.  

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

  The information under the caption "Executive Compensation" contained in
the Company's Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
            MANAGEMENT.

  The information under the caption "Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management" contained in the Company's Proxy
Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

  No reportable transactions.<PAGE>

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.         EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND                 
                      REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

  (a)  List of documents filed as part of this report.

       1.  Financial statements

            a.   The financial statements of the Company
                 set forth under Item 8 of this report.

            b.   The financial statement schedules listed in the
                 accompanying index to financial statement schedules.

       2.   Exhibits

            The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are
            filed as part of this annual report.  EXHIBITS 10A THROUGH 10K
            IN THE ACCOMPANYING INDEX TO EXHIBITS, LISTING THE COMPANY'S
            EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS AND ARRANGEMENTS ARE FILED
            PURSUANT TO ITEM 14(C) OF THIS REPORT.

  (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

            No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 1994. <PAGE>
 
                                AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
                      INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    
                                    (Item 14)


Schedule V - Property, plant and equipment for the
     three years ended February 25, 1994

Schedule VI - Accumulated depreciation, depletion and
     amortization of property, plant and equipment for
     the three years ended February 25, 1994

Schedule VIII - Valuation and qualifying accounts for
     the three years ended February 25, 1994

Schedule IX - Short-term borrowings for the three years
     ended February 25, 1994



All other schedules are omitted since the required information is not present
or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the 
schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial
statements and notes thereto.










                                           AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
                            SCHEDULE V - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                            FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 25, 1994
                                           (Dollars in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Balance    Additions
                                                at          and        Sales      Balance
                                             beginning   transfers      and       at end
Description                                  of period    at cost    Retirements of period
- - ------------------                           ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
<S>                                          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
February 28, 1992:
  Land. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $1,875                              $1,875
  Buildings and improvements . . .             33,157        $672                  33,829
  Machinery, equipment and tools               32,790       2,812        $547      35,055
  Office furniture and equipment. .             9,983       2,508         461      12,030
  Construction in progress. . . . . . .           526        (394)                    132
                                             ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
            Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $78,331      $5,598      $1,008     $82,921
                                             =========   =========   =========   =========

February 26, 1993:
  Land. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $1,875         $11                  $1,886
  Buildings and improvements . . .             33,829       1,492                  35,321
  Machinery, equipment and tools               35,055       2,656        $959      36,752
  Office furniture and equipment. .            12,030       2,115          91      14,054
  Construction in progress. . . . . . .           132       2,420                   2,552
                                             ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
            Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $82,921      $8,694      $1,050     $90,565
                                             =========   =========   =========   =========


February 25, 1994:
  Land. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $1,886         $11                  $1,897
  Buildings and improvements . . .             35,321       4,935                  40,256
  Machinery, equipment and tools               36,752       2,628         $53      39,327
  Office furniture and equipment. .            14,054       1,364         200      15,218
  Construction in progress. . . . . . .         2,552      (2,552)               
                                             ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
            Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $90,565      $6,386        $253     $96,698
                                             =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>










                                              AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
                             SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION
                               AND AMORTIZATION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 25, 1994
                                            (Dollars in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Balance    Additions
                                                at       charged to    Sales     Balance at
                                             beginning   costs and      and       end of
Description                                  of period   expenses    Retirements  period
- - -----------------                            ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
<S>                                          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
February 28, 1992:
  Buildings and improvements . . .             $8,431      $1,495                  $9,926
  Machinery, equipment and tools               20,636       3,177        $561      23,252
  Office furniture and equipment . .            5,779       1,620         321       7,078
                                             ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
            Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $34,846      $6,292        $882     $40,256
                                             =========   =========   =========   =========

February 26, 1993:
  Buildings and improvements . . .             $9,926      $1,597                 $11,523
  Machinery, equipment and tools               23,252       3,289        $818      25,723
  Office furniture and equipment . .            7,078       1,848          84       8,842
                                             ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
            Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $40,256      $6,734        $902     $46,088
                                             =========   =========   =========   =========

February 25, 1994:
  Buildings and improvements . . .            $11,523      $1,590                 $13,113
  Machinery, equipment and tools               25,723       3,098         $39      28,782
  Office furniture and equipment . .            8,842       1,831         193      10,480
                                             ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
            Total. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  $46,088      $6,519        $232     $52,375
                                             =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>
















                                           AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
                             SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                             FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 25, 1994
                                           (Dollars in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Balance at   Charged                Balance at
                                                    beginning   to costs &               end of
Description                                         of period   expenses    Deductions   period
- - -----------------                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
February 28, 1992:

   Allowance for contract losses                     $13,333      $6,425     $12,187 (a)  $7,571
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========
   Inventory allowance . . . . . . . .                $1,022        $400        $149 (b)  $1,273
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========
   Allowance for bad debts . . . .                      $200         $20         $19 (c)    $201
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========


February 26, 1993:

   Allowance for contract losses                      $7,571      $6,494      $9,656 (a)  $4,409
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========
   Inventory allowance . . . . . . . .                $1,273        $465        $714 (b)  $1,024
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========
   Allowance for bad debts . . . .                      $201          $7          $7 (c)    $201
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========


February 25, 1994:

   Allowance for contract losses                      $4,409      $6,650      $7,195 (a)  $3,864
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========
   Inventory allowance . . . . . . . .                $1,024        $245        $311 (b)    $958
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========
   Allowance for bad debts . . . .                      $201          $9         $26 (c)    $184
                                                    =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>


___________________________________________

(a) Deductions are a result of allowance usage over the 
    terms of the related contracts.
(b) Deductions are a result of physical disposal of inventory 
    for which allowances were previously provided.
(c) Deductions are a result of write-offs of uncollectible 
    accounts receivable for which allowances were 
    previously provided.


                                 AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
                    SCHEDULE  IX  -  SHORT-TERM  BORROWINGS
                   FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 25, 1994
                                (Dollars in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                 Weighted
                                    Balance     Interest   Maximum amount    Average amount      average
                                   at the end   Rate at end outstanding       outstanding      interest rate
Category of Borrowing              of period    of period  during period     during period(2)  during period (3)
- - --------------------------------   ---------    ---------  --------------    --------------    ------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>        <C>               <C>               <C>
February 28, 1992:
Note payable to bank (1)                 $0          6.5%         $3,875              $912             8.6%



February 26, 1993:
Note payable to bank (1)                 $0          6.0%           $900                $7             6.2%



February 25, 1994
Note payable to bank (1)                 $0          6.0%             $0                $0             0.0%       
</TABLE>




________________________________________________

(1)   Note payable to bank represents borrowings under a line of credit
      agreement The agreement existing at February 25, 1994 expires
      June 30, 1994 at which time it will be reviewed for renewal.
(2)   The average amount outstanding during the period is computed by 
      dividing the total daily outstanding principal balances by the total 
      days in the fiscal year.
(3)   The weighted average interest rate during the period was computed
      by dividing the actual interest expense by the average short-term 
      borrowings outstanding.









   
                                   SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                              AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
Attest:

                                   
/s/John R. Cox                        By: /s/George King    
John R. Cox                               George King, Executive Vice
Secretary                                 President and Chief Financial
                                          Officer
          

Date: May 18, 1994

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
     
Signature                     Title                       Date

(i)  Principal Executive 
     Officer   

/s/Leon Riebman               Chairman of the Board       May 18, 1994
Leon Riebman

(ii)  Principal Financial
      Officer

/s/George King                Executive Vice President    May 18, 1994
George King                   and Chief Financial Officer 

(iii)  Principal Accounting
       Officer

/s/John F. Sharkey            Vice President, Finance     May 18, 1994
John F. Sharkey               





Signature                          Title               Date

(iv)  A Majority of the Board
      of Directors


/s/Francis J. Dunleavy             Director            May 18, 1994 
Francis J. Dunleavy


/s/Frederick R. Einsidler          Director            May 18, 1994  
Frederick R. Einsidler


/s/Conrad J. Fowler                Director            May 18, 1994  
Conrad J. Fowler


/s/Leeam Lowin                     Director            May 18, 1994  
Leeam Lowin


/s/Lloyd W. Moffit                 Director            May 18, 1994
Lloyd W. Moffit

/s/Claire E. Riebman               Director            May 18, 1994   
Claire E. Riebman                


/s/Leon Riebman                    Director            May 18, 1994  
Leon Riebman

                             <PAGE>
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
                  


3A   Articles of Incorporation as amended and restated through April
     2, 1993.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3A in the
     Company's Form 10K Report for the fiscal year ended February 26,
     1993)

3B   Bylaws as amended through April 22, 1993.  (Incorporated by
     reference to Exhibit 3B in the Company's Form 10-K Report for the
     fiscal year ended February 26, 1993)                   
     
10A  Incentive Stock Option Plan effective January 1, 1992
     (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10A in the Company's Form
     10-K Report for the fiscal year ended February 28, 1992)
 
10B  Nonqualified Stock Option Plan as amended through April 10, 1991 
     (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10B in the Company's Form
     10-K Report for the fiscal year ended February 22, 1991)     

10C  AEL Bonus Plan for Senior Employees amended and restated as of
     February 28, 1992 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10C in
     the Company's Form 10-K Report for the fiscal year ended February
     28, 1992)

10D  Stock Repurchase Agreement dated April 16, 1986 between AEL
     Industries, Inc. and Leon Riebman (Incorporated by reference to
     Exhibit 10G in the Company's Form 10-K Report for the fiscal year
     ended February 28, 1986)

10E  Employment and Retirement Agreement dated January 9, 1982 between
     AEL Industries, Inc. and Leon Riebman (Incorporated by reference
     to Exhibit 10A in the Company's Form 10-K Report for the fiscal
     year ended February 26, 1982)

10F  Amendment No. 1 dated November 14, 1991 to Employment and Retirement
     Agreement dated January 9, 1982 between AEL Industries, Inc. and Leon
     Riebman (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10F in the Company's
     Form 10-K Report for the fiscal year ended February 28, 1992)

10G  Employment and Retirement Agreement dated October 15, 1980
     between AEL Industries, Inc. and Conrad J. Fowler (Incorporated
     by reference to Company's S-1 Registration Statement No. 2-71264,
     Amendment No. 2, dated May 15, 1981)
                                                                      
10H  Supplemental Benefits Agreement dated April 25, 1988, Between AEL
     Industries, Inc. and Mark H. Ronald (Incorporated by reference to
     Exhibit 10I in the Company's Form 10-K Report for the fiscal year
     ended February 24, 1989)
       
10I  Change of Control, Nonqualified Stock Option and Supplemental Benefits
     Agreements dated May 16, 1988, between AEL Industries, Inc. and George
     King (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10I in the Company's Form
     10-K Report for the fiscal year ended February 24, 1989)

10J  Agreements between AEL Industries, Inc. and Senior Executives
     dated as of August 1, 1993. 

10K  Agreement between AEL Industries, Inc. and Teachers Insurance and
     Annuity Association of America dated March 30, 1988 (Incorporated
     by reference to Exhibit 10M in the Company's Form 10-K Report for
     the fiscal year ended February 24, 1989)

11   Statement re computation of per share earnings (or loss)            

13   Portions of 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders specifically
     incorporated by reference elsewhere in this report.

22   List of Subsidiaries     
          
23   Consent of Ernst & Young









 
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

                                                             EXHIBIT 11
                               AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
                     COMPUTATION OF NET INCOME PER SHARE
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Fiscal Year Ended
                                                       1994           1993            1992
                                                    ------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>            <C>
Computation of number of shares for computation
  of net income (loss) per share:

Primary:

  Average number of class A shares outstanding
    during the year                                  3,314,000      3,435,000       3,446,000
  Average number of class B shares outstanding
    during the year                                    435,000        436,000         436,000
  Incremental shares issuable on exercise of
    stock options                                       31,000         30,000          10,000
                                                    -----------    -----------    ------------
  Total shares for computation of net income
    per share                                        3,780,000      3,901,000       3,892,000
                                                    ===========    ===========  
 ============
  Net income                                        $1,617,000       $484,000     $12,302,000
                                                    ===========    ===========  
 ============
  Net income per share                                   $0.43          $0.12           $3.16
                                                    ===========    ===========  
 ============
Fully diluted:

  Average number of class A shares outstanding
    during the year                                  3,314,000      3,435,000       3,446,000
  Average number of class B shares outstanding
    during the year                                    435,000        436,000         436,000
  Incremental shares issuable on exercise of
    stock options                                       63,000         31,000          44,000
                                                    -----------    -----------    ------------
  Total shares for computation of net income
    per share assuming full dilution                 3,812,000      3,902,000       3,926,000
                                                    ===========    ===========  
 ============
  Net income                                        $1,617,000       $484,000     $12,302,000
                                                    ===========    ===========  
 ============
  Net income per share assuming full
    dilution                                             $0.42          $0.12           $3.13
                                                    ===========    ===========  
 ============
</TABLE>








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL RPT EXCERPTS
<TEXT>



AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
Selected Financial Data
(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                 Fiscal Year Ended
                                                            _________________________________________________________
                                                            Feb. 25,    Feb. 26,    Feb. 28,    Feb. 22,    Feb. 23,
                                                              1994        1993        1992        1991        1990
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________   _________
<S>                                                         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Sales and service revenues                                  $123,632    $113,132    $140,112    $144,258    $121,159

Operating income (loss)                                        3,742       2,143       5,323       6,621      (4,752)
Interest expense                                              (1,719)     (2,418)     (3,272)     (3,809)     (4,503)
Investment income                                                455         843         322         321         552
Other expense, net of other income                              (167)       (318)       (644)       (425)       (689)
Provision for claims settlement                                           (2,200)
Gain on redemption of shares in foreign company                                       14,368
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________   _________
                                                               2,311      (1,950)     16,097       2,708      (9,392)

Income tax provision (benefit)                                   694         106       5,641         986        (405)
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________   _________
Income (loss) before extraordinary credit and 
  cumulative effect of change in accounting principle          1,617      (2,056)     10,456       1,722      (8,987)

Extraordinary credit-benefit of net operating loss 
  carryforward                                                                         1,846         852

Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income 
  taxes                                                                    2,540
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________   _________
Net income (loss)                                             $1,617        $484     $12,302      $2,574     ($8,987)
                                                            =========   =========   =========   =========   =========

Earnings per share:
   Income (loss) before extraordinary credit and 
      cumulative effect of change in accounting principle      $0.43      ($0.52)      $2.69       $0.44      ($2.31)
   Extraordinary credit-benefit of net operating loss 
     carryforward                                                                       0.47        0.22
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income 
     taxes                                                                  0.64
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________   _________
   Net income (loss)                                           $0.43       $0.12       $3.16       $0.66      ($2.31)
                                                            =========   =========   =========   =========   =========

Working capital                                              $29,241     $33,678     $42,517     $22,425     $18,607
Total assets                                                 109,156     114,646     114,384     118,120     129,514
Long-term debt                                                19,599      25,141      32,119      37,603      33,674
Shareholders' equity                                          58,065      56,320      56,701      44,393      41,861
Backlog                                                      121,478     156,306     127,417     187,265     211,238
</TABLE>

All fiscal years contain fifty-two weeks, except fiscal year 1992 which 
contains fifty-three weeks.

Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements describes legal matters and 
   related uncertainties.  

Fiscal year end backlogs included unfunded amounts as follows:
   1994 - $14,747,000; 1993 - $16,039,000; 1992 - $4,370,000; 1991 - $23,915,000
   ;and 1990 - $26,253,000.

Operating results for the year ended February 23, 1990 include a contract 
   investment provision of $8,000,000 associated with the AN/ALR-67 ASR
   radar warning receiver program.
<PAGE>
AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
February 25, 1994 and February 26, 1993
(Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Assets                                                                              1994        1993
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________
<S>                                                                             <C>         <C>
Current assets:
   Cash and equivalents                                                          $10,414      $4,168
   Marketable securities                                                           1,428      12,123
   Receivables, including unbilled amounts of $26,985 at February 25, 1994 and
      $22,423 at February 26, 1993:
         U.S. Government                                                          35,717      37,360
         Other                                                                     4,202       2,277
                                                                                _________   _________
                                                                                  39,919      39,637

   Inventories                                                                     4,375       3,634
   Deferred income taxes                                                           2,646       3,646
   Other current assets                                                              238       1,172
                                                                                _________   _________
         Total current assets                                                     59,020      64,380

Property, plant and equipment, at cost:
   Land                                                                            1,897       1,886
   Buildings and improvements                                                     40,256      35,321
   Machinery and equipment                                                        39,327      36,752
   Office furniture and equipment                                                 15,218      14,054
   Construction in progress                                                                    2,552
                                                                                _________   _________
                                                                                  96,698      90,565
Less accumulated depreciation                                                     52,375      46,088
                                                                                _________   _________
          Net property, plant and equipment                                       44,323      44,477


Other assets                                                                       5,813       5,789
                                                                                _________   _________
                                                                                $109,156    $114,646
                                                                                =========   =========
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes.






















<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity                                                1994        1993
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________
<S>                                                                             <C>         <C>
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                                               $4,795      $4,460
   Accrued salaries, wages and employee benefits                                   5,811       5,995
   Other current liabilities                                                      13,631      13,269
   Current portion of long-term debt                                               5,542       6,978
                                                                                _________   _________
      Total current liabilties                                                    29,779      30,702

Long-term debt, net of current portion                                            19,599      25,141

Other liabilities                                                                  1,713       2,483

Commitments and contingent liabilities-Note 8

Shareholders' equity:
   Class A common stock (non-voting), $1 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized;
      shares issued and outstanding, 1994- 3,333,000; 1993- 3,305,000              3,333       3,305
   Class B common stock (voting), $1 par value; 600,000 shares authorized;
      shares issued and outstanding, 1994- 435,000 ; 1993- 436,000                   435         436
   Capital in excess of par value                                                  2,557       2,257
   Retained earnings                                                              51,740      50,322
                                                                                _________   _________
      Total shareholders' equity                                                  58,065      56,320
                                                                                _________   _________
                                                                                $109,156    $114,646
                                                                                =========   =========
</TABLE>




































<PAGE>
AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Three years ended February 25, 1994
(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    1994         1993         1992
                                                                 __________   __________   __________
<S>                                                              <C>          <C>          <C>
Sales and service revenues                                        $123,632     $113,132     $140,112

Operating costs and expenses:
   Cost of products and services                                    94,164       84,696      106,759
   Administrative and selling expenses                              17,674       18,824       19,105
   Bid and proposal costs                                            5,890        4,968        7,183
   Research and development costs                                    2,162        2,501        1,742
                                                                 __________   __________   __________
                                                                   119,890      110,989      134,789
                                                                 __________   __________   __________
Operating income                                                     3,742        2,143        5,323
                                                                 __________   __________   __________

Interest expense                                                    (1,719)      (2,418)      (3,272)
Investment income                                                      455          843          322
Other expense, net of other income                                    (167)        (318)        (644)
Provision for claims settlement                                                  (2,200)
Gain on redemption of shares in foreign company                                               14,368
                                                                 __________   __________   __________

                                                                    (1,431)      (4,093)      10,774
                                                                 __________   __________   __________
Income (loss) before income taxes, extraordinary credit
  and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle            2,311       (1,950)      16,097

Income tax provision                                                   694          106        5,641
                                                                 __________   __________   __________

Income (loss) before extraordinary credit and cumulative
  effect of change in accounting principle                           1,617       (2,056)      10,456

Extraordinary credit-benefit of net operating loss carryforward                                1,846

Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes                        2,540
                                                                 __________   __________   __________
Net income                                                          $1,617         $484      $12,302
                                                                 ==========   ==========   ==========

Earnings per share:
    Income (loss) before extraordinary credit and cumulative
      effect of change in accounting principle                       $0.43       ($0.52)       $2.69
   Extraordinary credit-benefit of net operating loss carryforward                              0.47
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes                      0.64
                                                                 __________   __________   __________
   Net income                                                        $0.43        $0.12        $3.16
                                                                 ==========   ==========   ==========

Weighted average shares outstanding                              3,780,000    3,901,000    3,892,000
                                                                 ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.









<PAGE>
AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Three years ended February 25, 1994
(Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1994        1993        1992
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________
<S>                                                                   <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                                           $1,617        $484     $12,302
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
      operating activities:
         Depreciation                                                    6,519       6,734       6,292
         Amortization of other assets                                      407         407         410
         Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes                 (2,540)
         Deferred income taxes                                             274         610       2,209
         Accrued retirement benefits                                      (294)         45          86
         Gain on redemption of shares in foreign company                                       (14,368)
         Other                                                            (131)
   (Increase) decrease in receivables                                     (282)     (4,856)     12,585
   (Increase) decrease in inventories and other current assets             193         725        (989)
   Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued liabilities
      and other current liabilities                                        513       1,446      (6,279)
                                                                      _________   _________   _________
      Net cash provided by operating activities                          8,816       3,055      12,248

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Additions to property, plant and equipment                           (6,386)     (8,694)     (5,598)
   Purchases of marketable securities                                              (31,369)
   Sales of marketable securities                                       10,687      22,016          54
   Proceeds from redemption of shares in foreign company                                        25,000
   Other                                                                    29         237        (211)
                                                                      _________   _________   _________
      Net cash provided (absorbed) by investing activities               4,330     (17,810)     19,245

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Reductions of short-term debt                                                                (3,875)
   Long-term borrowings                                                                          1,298
   Reductions in long-term debt                                         (6,978)       (728)     (8,625)
   Stock option exercises                                                  302          27           6
   Repurchases of common stock                                            (224)       (892)
                                                                      _________   _________   _________
      Net cash absorbed by financing activities                         (6,900)     (1,593)    (11,196)
                                                                      _________   _________   _________
Increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents                              6,246     (16,348)     20,297
Cash and equivalents at beginning of period                              4,168      20,516         219
                                                                      _________   _________   _________
Cash and equivalents at end of period                                  $10,414      $4,168     $20,516
                                                                      =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.
















<PAGE>
AEL INDUSTRIES, INC.
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
Three years ended February 25, 1994
(Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                    Total
                                                           Common Stock        Capital in               Class A     Share-
                                                       _____________________   Excess of   Retained    Treasury    holders'
                                                        Class A     Class B    Par Value   Earnings     Shares      Equity
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance at February 22, 1991                             $4,442        $436      $2,230     $46,630     ($9,345)    $44,393
   Stock option exercises                                     1                       5                                   6
   Net income for the year                                                                   12,302                  12,302
                                                       _________   _________   _________   _________   _________   _________
Balance at February 28, 1992                              4,443         436       2,235      58,932      (9,345)     56,701
   Stock option exercises                                     5                      22                                  27
   Purchases of common stock for treasury                                                                  (892)       (892)
   Retirement of treasury stock                          (1,143)                             (9,094)     10,237        -
   Net income for the year                                                                      484                     484
                                                       _________   _________   _________   _________   _________   _________
Balance at February 26, 1993                              3,305         436       2,257      50,322        -         56,320
   Conversion of Class B to Class A                           1          (1)                                           -
   Stock option exercises                                    52                     250                                 302
   Tax benefit from stock option exercises                                           50                                  50
   Purchases of common stock for treasury                                                                  (224)       (224)
   Retirement of treasury stock                             (25)                               (199)        224        -
   Net income for the year                                                                    1,617                   1,617
                                                       _________   _________   _________   _________   _________   _________
Balance at February 25, 1994                             $3,333        $435      $2,557     $51,740        -        $58,065
                                                       =========   =========   =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.

































                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:

    Fiscal Year.  The Company's fiscal year ends on the last Friday in
    February.  Fiscal years ended February 25, 1994 and February 26, 1993
    each contain fifty-two weeks while the fiscal year ended February 28,
    1992 contains fifty-three weeks.  

    Principles of Consolidation.  The consolidated financial statements
    include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
    Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consol-
    idation.  

    Revenue Recognition.  Contract revenue is recognized principally on
    the percentage-of-completion method in the ratio that cost incurred
    bears to estimated cost at completion.  Other revenue is recorded on
    the basis of shipment of products or performance of services.  

    Contract Provisions.  Under certain fixed price contracts, the Company
    from time to time has encountered cost overruns caused by increased
    material, labor, or overhead costs, design or production difficulties
    and various other factors such as technical and manufacturing complex-
    ity, which must be, and in such cases have been, borne by the Company. 
    Adjustments to contract cost estimates are made in the periods in
    which the facts requiring such revisions become known.  When the re-
    vised estimate indicates a loss, such loss is provided for currently
    in its entirety.  In addition, the Company from time to time commits
    to invest its own funds, particularly in the case of high-technology
    seed programs.  The estimated costs of such investments in excess of
    the related contract values are provided for currently in their en-
    tirety upon receipt of such contracts by the Company.  

    Cash and Equivalents.  Cash and equivalents include all highly liquid
    investments with original maturities of three months or less.  

    Marketable Securities.  Marketable securities are carried at cost. 
    Aggregate market value of securities was $1,697,000 and $12,429,000 at
    February 25, 1994 and February 26, 1993, respectively.  

    Receivables.  Unbilled receivables represent costs and profits in ex-
    cess of billed amounts on contracts accounted for on the percentage-
    of-completion method and are billable upon shipment of the product or
    performance of the service, achievement of milestones or completion of
    the contract.  Such amounts are generally billed and collected within
    one year, however, approximately $2,400,000 of unbilled receivables at
    February 25, 1994 are expected to be billed and collected after one
    year.  

    Inventories.  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
    and consist primarily of work-in-process.  Raw materials are valued
    generally at an average cost; work-in-process and finished goods are
    valued generally on a first-in, first-out basis.  

         Inventoried costs relating to long-term contracts are stated
    principally at actual production cost, including overhead, tooling and
    other related nonrecurring costs, less costs allocated to delivered
    items.  Costs attributed to units delivered under long-term contracts
    are based on the average cost of all units expected to be produced. 

         In accordance with industry practice, inventories include amounts
    relating to contracts having production cycles longer than one year. 
    Such amounts are not significant.  

    Plant and Equipment.  Depreciation of plant and equipment is computed
    on the straight-line method for financial statement purposes based
    upon the following estimated useful lives:  

         Buildings and improvements              10 to 40 years
         Machinery and equipment                  3 to 10 years
         Office furniture and equipment           5 to  8 years

    Other Assets.  Other assets include $7,300,000 representing the excess
    of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and
    liabilities assumed in connection with an acquisition in 1987.  Such
    amount is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 20 years. 
    Accumulated amortization was $2,403,000 and $2,038,000 at February 25,
    1994 and February 26, 1993, respectively.  

    Income Taxes.  In fiscal year 1993, the Company adopted the asset and
    liability method of accounting for income taxes as provided for by
    Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109.  Accordingly, for
    fiscal years 1994 and 1993, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
    recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences by apply-
    ing enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differ-
    ences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax
    bases of existing assets and liabilities.  In fiscal year 1992, income
    taxes were provided based on earnings reported for financial statement
    purposes, and deferred income taxes were provided for timing differ-
    ences in the recognition of certain income and expense items for
    financial reporting and tax purposes.  

    Interest.  The Company capitalizes interest costs associated with the
    cost of constructing major new facilities. Interest of $88,000 and
    $61,000 incurred in fiscal years 1994 and 1993, respectively, has been
    capitalized.  

    Earnings Per Share.  Per share data are based on the weighted average
    number of shares of stock outstanding each year including the dilutive
    effect of stock options.  Per share computations on a fully diluted
    basis are the same as those reported.  

    Reclassifications.  Certain financial statement items for fiscal years
    1993 and 1992 have been reclassified in order to conform with the
    current year's presentation.  

2.  Investment in Foreign Company

         In December 1986, the Company exchanged its 58.7% interest in
    Elisra Electronic Systems Ltd. for redeemable shares representing a 6%
    interest in Tadiran Ltd., an electronics company in Israel.  The
    Company accounted for the exchange under the cost method of accounting
    and recognized no gain at that time for financial reporting purposes. 
    In February 1992, the Company received $25,000,000 in settlement of
    its rights arising from redemption of the redeemable shares.  For
    financial reporting purposes, the Company recognized a gain of
    $14,368,000, net of related expenses, in fiscal year 1992.  

3.  Line of Credit and Letters of Credit

         The Company has a line of credit agreement expiring June 30, 1994
    which provides for unsecured borrowings of up to $5,000,000 at the
    prime rate.  The Company did not borrow under the line of credit
    agreement during the year ended February 25, 1994 and had only nominal
    temporary borrowings during the year ended February 26, 1993.  The
    terms of the line of credit agreement contain, among other provisions,
    requirements for maintaining defined levels of working capital, net
    worth, annual capital expenditures and debt to equity.  The agreement
    also requires an annual commitment fee of approximately $31,000.  

         At February 25, 1994, standby letters of credit of approximately
    $13,600,000 have been issued under an agreement, expiring June 30,
    1994, which is being maintained as security for performance and
    advances received on long-term contracts, and as security for debt
    service payments under industrial revenue bond loan agreements.  The
    agreement provides a maximum commitment for letters of credit of
    $17,500,000 and requires an annual commitment fee of approximately
    $90,000.  

4.  Long-Term Borrowings

    Long-term borrowings consist of:
                                              (Dollars in thousands)
                                            February 25,   February 26,
                                                1994           1993       
                                            ___________    ___________
    10.03% senior unsecured note pay-
    able, principal due annually 
    through April 1997.                       $13,400        $20,000

    Industrial revenue bonds, interest 
    is variable (2.8% at February 25, 
    1994 and 2.4% at February 26, 1993), 
    principal due September 1994 through 
    2010.  (Bonds are collateralized by 
    certain property and equipment at the 
    Company's St. Louis Regional Airport 
    facility.)                                  6,500          6,500   

    Industrial revenue bonds, interest 
    is variable (2.8% at February 25, 1994 
    and 2.4% at February 26, 1993), princi-
    pal due April 2009.  (Bonds are colla-
    teralized by certain property and equip-
    ment of the Company's Cross Systems 
    Division.)                                  4,000          4,000   

    Obligation under capital lease, inter-
    est at prime plus 1%, principal due 
    quarterly through December 1996. (Lease 
    is collateralized by data processing 
    equipment.)                                   779          1,039   

    Other                                         462            580
                                              _______        _______
                                               25,141         32,119   
    Less current portion                        5,542          6,978
                                              _______        _______
                                              $19,599        $25,141
                                              =======        =======

         Aggregate maturities of long-term borrowings over the next five
    fiscal years are as follows:  1995 - $5,542,000; 1996 - $3,857,000;
    1997 - $3,872,000; 1998 - $2,127,000 and 1999 - $342,000.  Aggregate
    maturities reflect the Company's exercised option to accelerate, from
    the end of the loan term to April 1994, repayment of $1,700,000 of the
    10.03% senior unsecured note payable.  

         The terms of certain financing agreements contain, among other
    provisions, requirements for maintaining defined levels of working
    capital, net worth, capital expenditures and various financial ratios,
    including debt to equity.  

         The Company paid interest of $1,965,000, $2,507,000 and
    $3,430,000 on short-term and long-term borrowings during fiscal years
    1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  

5.  Income Taxes:

         Effective for fiscal year 1993, the Company adopted Statement of
    Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income
    Taxes".  As permitted under SFAS No. 109, the Company has not restated
    financial statements prior to fiscal year 1993 to apply the provisions
    of SFAS No. 109.  The cumulative effect of the accounting change as of
    the beginning of fiscal year 1993 was $2,540,000, or $.64 per share,
    primarily resulting from recording tax benefits related to contract
    loss provisions recorded in prior years and adjusting tax rates on
    previously recorded tax assets and liabilities.  The cumulative effect
    included the recognition of a valuation allowance of $200,000 to re-
    flect the potential loss of state tax benefits.  The effect of the
    adoption of SFAS No. 109 on fiscal year 1993's income tax provision
    decreased net income by $920,000, or $.24 per share, primarily rela-
    ting to the establishment of a valuation allowance for the deferred
    tax assets.  

         The income tax provisions for the three years ended February 25,
    1994 are comprised of the following: 
                                              (Dollars in thousands)
                                             1994      1993      1992
                                             ____      ____      ____
      Current:
        Federal                              $420     $(533)    $  373    
        State                                            29         60 
        Foreign                                                  1,153        
                                             ____     _____     ______
                                              420      (504)     1,586 
      Deferred:
        Federal                               177       669      2,129
        State                                  97       (59)        80
                                             ____     _____     ______    
                                              274       610      2,209
      Charges equivalent to benefits of 
        net operating loss carryforwards                         1,846
                                             ____     ______    ______
      Total provision                        $694     $  106    $5,641
                                             ====     ======    ======


        The significant components of the deferred tax provisions for the
    years ended February 26, 1993 and February 28, 1992 are summarized as
    follows: 
 
                                               (Dollars in thousands)
                                               1993              1992
                                               ____              ____     

      Inventory and contract loss allow-
        ances                                 $ 198             $  583    
      Employee benefits                        (108)              (385)   
      Depreciation expense                     (184)              (352)   
      Valuation allowance                       980
      Gain on redemption of shares in 
        foreign company                                          2,694
      Other                                    (276)              (331)
                                              _____             ______    
                                              $ 610             $2,209
                                              =====             ======


         The provisions for income taxes for the three years ended
    February 25, 1994 differ from the provisions computed by applying the
    statutory federal income tax rate due to the following:  

                                              (Dollars in thousands)
                                             1994      1993      1992  
                                             ____      ____      ____

      Statutory federal income tax           $ 786    $ (663)   $5,473
      Increase (decrease) resulting from:
        Tax exempt investment income           (79)     (237)      (64)
        Amortization of intangible 
          assets                               124       124       124
        State income taxes                      97       (42)       96
        Foreign income                          42        39        32
        Valuation allowance                              980
        Tax credits                           (303)     (110)      (32)
        Other                                   27        15        12 
                                             _____    ______    ______
                                             $ 694    $  106    $5,641 
                                             =====    ======    ======    


        The significant components of the deferred tax liabilities and
    assets are as follows:

                                              (Dollars in thousands)
                                             February 25,  February 26,
                                                 1994         1993     
                                             ___________   ___________
      Deferred tax liabilities:
        Depreciation                           $(1,197)      $(1,337)
        Other                                       (7)          (42)
                                               _______       _______
                                                (1,204)       (1,379)
      Deferred tax assets:
        Employee benefits                        1,437         1,866 
        Inventory and contract loss allow-
          ances                                  2,304         2,660 
        Provision for claims settlement            440           880 
        Tax credit carryforwards                   768
        Other                                      331           323 
                                               _______       _______
                                                 5,280         5,729

      Valuation allowance                       (1,180)       (1,180)   
                                               _______       _______
                                            
      Net deferred tax asset                   $ 2,896       $ 3,170
                                               =======       =======

         At February 25, 1994, the Company has general business credit
    carryforwards of approximately $254,000 which expire in the years 2008
    and 2009.  The Company also has alternative minimum tax credits of
    approximately $514,000 which can be utilized against regular taxes in
    the future.  

         The Company paid income taxes, net of refunds, of $380,000,
    $75,000 and $1,349,000 in fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respec-
    tively.  

6.  Employee Benefit Plans

         Under the Company's Retirement Savings Plan which covers all
    eligible employees, the Company makes a matching contribution not
    exceeding three percent of an employee's annual compensation, but
    otherwise equivalent to one-half of the employee's contribution.  The
    Company also made additional contributions to the plan, for all
    eligible employees, equal to a percentage of their compensation, 2%
    prior to January 1992 and 1% subsequent to December 1993, until
    compensation exceeded the Federal Insurance Contributions Act maximum
    taxable wage base, at which point the Company doubled its additional
    contribution.  From January 1992 to December 1993, the Company
    suspended its additional contributions while continuing its matching
    contribution.  The Company's aggregate contributions to the Retirement
    Savings Plan for fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992 were $1,139,000,
    $1,017,000 and $2,010,000, respectively.  

         The Company also maintains individual unfunded supplemental
    retirement benefit plans for two current executive officers and one
    former executive officer.  Supplemental retirement benefits are based
    on the officers' final average annual earnings from the Company and
    are payable in installments over ten years upon retirement, disabil-
    ity, death, or, if no longer employed by the Company, at age 62. 
    Expense recognized for the benefits accrued under the plans was
    $95,000, $61,000 and $101,000 in fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, re-
    spectively.  In addition, the resignation of an executive resulted in
    a curtailment gain of $381,000 recognized in fiscal year 1994.  Other
    liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of February 25, 1994
    and February 26, 1993 include amounts of $1,625,000 and $1,911,000,
    respectively, for the supplemental retirement benefit plans.  

7.  Other Current Liabilities

         Other current liabilities include allowances for contract losses
    and other contract allowances aggregating $3,900,000 and $4,400,000 at
    February 25, 1994 and February 26, 1993, respectively.  In addition,
    other current liabilities at February 25, 1994 include approximately
    $4,600,000 representing billings in excess of revenues recognized on
    uncompleted contracts.  

         In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 1993, the Company
    established an allowance of $2,200,000 based on an agreement to settle
    civil claims pertaining to the pricing of a 1985 fixed-price contract
    modification.  The Company paid $1,100,000 in July 1993 and expects to
    pay the remaining $1,100,000 in July 1994.  

 8. Commitments and Contingencies

         Rent expense under operating leases was $735,000, $703,000 and 
    $646,000 for fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  Fiscal
    year minimum lease payments under noncancellable operating leases are
    as follows: 1995 - $678,000; 1996 - $410,000; 1997 - $297,000; 1998 -
    $214,000; 1999 - $144,000; and 2000 and beyond - $410,000.  

         From time to time the Company may be involved in lawsuits,
    investigations and other legal proceeding arising from the ordinary
    conduct of its business with the U.S. Government and others.  One such
    action relates to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
    which, in 1989, placed a site that includes the Company's Richardson
    Road property on the National Priorities List for detailed study and
    cleanup of alleged environmental contamination.  The Company continues
    to cooperate with the EPA in the study of this site.  In the opinion
    of management, except for the matter described below, these legal
    proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on consolidated
    financial position.  

         The Company has provided documents, relating to its AN/MLQ-T4
    Ground Jammer program, to the Department of Defense pursuant to a sub-
    poena issued by its Inspector General in September 1992.  At this
    time, management is unable to determine when the Government will
    complete its investigation or whether it will seek any remedies as a
    result of its investigation.  

 9. Common Stock and Stock Option Plans

         At February 25, 1994, shares of class A common stock were re-
    served as follows:  986,000 shares for the exercise of stock options
    and 435,000 shares for the conversion of class B common stock.  Class
    B common shares are convertible into class A common shares on a one-
    for-one basis.  If, at any time, a majority of class B common share-
    holders vote in favor of conversion or if less than 50,000 class B
    common shares remain outstanding, all class B common shares will
    automatically be deemed converted into class A common shares, which
    will then assume voting rights.  

         At February 25, 1994, options were exercisable for 103,000 class
    A shares at prices ranging from $4.56 to $10.00 per share.  Changes in
    the number of shares of class A common stock subject to outstanding
    but unexercised options for the two years ended February 25, 1994 are
    as follows: 
                                                     (in thousands)
                                                  1994            1993
                                                  ____            ____    

      Balance, beginning of period                 298             421
      Options granted at prices of $6.14 
        to $8.00 per share                          53              59
      Options exercised at prices of 
        $4.75 to $8.81 per share                   (52)             (5)   
      Options cancelled and terminated             (97)           (177)
                                                   ___            ____
      Balance, end of period                       202             298 
                                                   ===            ====

         Generally, options granted are fully exercisable two years from
    the date granted and all unexercised options terminate five years
    after the date granted, upon the resignation of the optionee, or three
    months after the termination of employment if by other than resig-
    nation.  No charges to income have been made in accounting for op-
    tions.  Options are granted at a price equal to the fair market value
    of class A common stock on the date of grant.  

10. Segment Reporting

         The Company's principal business is electronic defense products
    and services, which consists primarily of the design and manufacture
    of electronic countermeasures systems, simulation systems, radars and
    receivers.  The Company is also engaged in the installation and in-
    tegration design of avionics and electronic warfare systems.  

         The Company provides other products such as antennas, microwave
    integrated circuits and hybrid microcircuits, and services such as
    calibration, product testing and technical publication.  

         Presented below are the sources of revenues for each segment by
    type of customer for the three years ended February 25, 1994:  

                                               (Dollars in thousands)
                                              1994      1993      1992
                                              ____      ____      ____
      Sales and service revenues:
        Domestic:
          U.S. Government:
            Electronic Defense Products
              and Services                  $ 98,282  $ 93,913  $111,875
            Other Products and Services           50        99       104  
          Commercial:
            Electronic Defense Products
              and Services                      1,160    1,568     1,608  
            Other Products and Services         7,772    5,851     5,517
                                            _________ ________  ________
                                              107,264  101,431   119,104  
        International:
          Israel (substantially to Govern-
            ment of Israel):
            Electronic Defense Products
               and Services                    7,572     5,393    16,103
          Other:
            Electronic Defense Products
              and Services                     8,796     6,308     4,905
                                            ________  ________  ________
                                              16,368    11,701    21,008
                                            ________  ________  ________
                                            $123,632  $113,132  $140,112
                                            ========  ========  ========

              Sales and service revenues from the U.S. Government include
         sales and service revenues recognized under contracts with sup-
         pliers to the U.S. Government.  


<PAGE>
11. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)
                                                                        Quarter Ended
                                                             May 28,    Aug. 27,    Nov. 26,    Feb. 25,
Fiscal Year 1994                                              1993        1993        1993        1994
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
<S>                                                         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenues                                                     $30,731     $27,754     $27,292     $37,855
Operating expenses                                            29,682      26,561      26,504      37,143
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________
Operating income                                               1,049       1,193         788         712
Other expense, net of other income                              (251)       (462)       (362)       (356)
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________
                                                                 798         731         426         356

Income tax provision                                             360         326                       8 (a)
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________
Net income                                                      $438        $405        $426        $348
                                                            =========   =========   =========   =========

Net income per share                                           $0.12       $0.10       $0.12       $0.09
                                                            =========   =========   =========   =========


                                                                        Quarter Ended
                                                             May 29,    Aug. 28,    Nov. 27,    Feb. 26,
Fiscal Year 1993                                              1992        1992        1992        1993
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Revenues                                                     $27,444     $24,551     $28,154     $32,983
Operating expenses                                            26,903      24,275      28,463      31,348
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________
Operating income (loss)                                          541         276        (309)      1,635
Other expense, net of other income                              (498)       (601)       (388)     (2,606)(b)
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________
                                                                  43        (325)       (697)       (971)

Income tax provision (benefit)                                    17        (143)                    232
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________
Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in 
  accounting principle                                            26        (182)       (697)     (1,203)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for 
  income taxes                                                 2,540
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________
Net income (loss)                                             $2,566       ($182)      ($697)    ($1,203)
                                                            =========   =========   =========   =========

Earnings per share:
    Income (loss) before cumulative effect of 
      change in accounting principle                           $0.01      ($0.04)     ($0.18)     ($0.31)
   Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income 
     taxes                                                      0.64
                                                            _________   _________   _________   _________
   Net income (loss)                                           $0.65      ($0.04)     ($0.18)     ($0.31)
                                                            =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>

(a) Income tax provisions in the third and fourth quarters were reduced by 
      deferred tax benefits pertaining to the retroactive reenactment of 
      federal income tax research credits.

(b) Includes a provision of $2,200,000 related to the settlement of civil claims
     pertaining to the pricing of a 1985 fixed price contract modification.
<PAGE>
                MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS
                     OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION



         The following discussion and analysis provide information which
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the
Company's consolidated results of operations and financial condition.  The
discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto.  

Results of Operations - Fiscal 1994 versus Fiscal 1993

         Sales and service revenues of $123,632,000 reflect an increase of 9%
from the $113,132,000 in revenues reported for fiscal year 1993.  The
revenue increase was primarily attributable to the avionics
installation/integration programs which generated revenues of $41,307,000
in fiscal year 1994 compared with revenues of $32,732,000 in fiscal year
1993. The Company's ANVIS/HUD avionics program individually produced
revenues of $10,285,000 in 1994 versus $4,262,000 in 1993. In addition to
the avionics programs, revenues from radar warning receiver programs
increased $3,357,000 in the current year, primarily due to the AN/APR-39A
program revenues of $10,352,000 which were approximately double the
revenues reported in fiscal year 1993.  Partially offsetting the revenue
growths in the avionics and receiver programs was a decline in revenues
from the electronic countermeasures program group in fiscal year 1994.
Within the countermeasures group, the TACJAM-A program contributed revenues
of $6,615,000 in fiscal year 1994, down from $12,996,000 in fiscal year
1993. However, the Band 9/10 program, another major electronic counter-
measures program, increased its contribution to revenues by $2,656,000 in
1994, and revenues from a major electronic countermeasures program with a
foreign government also increased by $2,012,000 in the current year. 

         Operating income for fiscal year 1994 was $3,742,000 as compared with
$2,143,000 for fiscal year 1993.  The increase in operating income was
primarily due to the current year's growth in sales and service revenues, a
reduction in administrative and selling expenses, and significantly less
costs in fiscal year 1994 associated with restructuring, corporate
downsizing, and consolidation of resources. The administrative and selling
expenses reduction reflects the Company's continuing efforts to contain
costs in those areas, as well as a one time curtailment gain of $381,000
related to a supplemental retirement benefit plan for a former executive
officer.  Partially offsetting these favorable items, operating income in
fiscal year 1994 was adversely impacted by an increase in bid and proposal
spending, as well as contract cost estimate and profitability adjustments,
which in the aggregate had an unfavorable effect of $3,900,000 in fiscal
year 1994 as compared with $2,500,000 in fiscal year 1993.  Revisions to
the estimated final costs on several engineering development programs re-
sulted in contract loss provisions in fiscal year 1994 which were
$3,100,000 above comparable provisions for those programs in fiscal year
1993. Conversely, a profitability adjustment to the AN/ MLQ-34 TACJAM
program, resulting from a prolonged contract modification negotiation,
produced a favorable impact of $1,800,000 on operating income in fiscal
year 1994 with no comparable adjustments in fiscal year 1993.  Bid and
proposal costs increased $922,000 in fiscal year 1994 reflecting the Com-
pany's increased bidding activity for a major aircraft modification program
and development programs associated with long-term production contracts. 
Finally, company-sponsored research and development spending decreased
$339,000 in fiscal year 1994 due to the Company's re-allocation of
available technical resources, including personnel, to customer-sponsored
engineering development efforts, including the development programs refer-
enced above.  Company-sponsored research and development spending is
expected to resume its upward trend in fiscal year 1995.  

         Interest expense in fiscal year 1994 decreased $699,000 from fiscal
year 1993 primarily due to lower average debt levels.  In April 1993, the
Company repaid $6,600,000 of its $20,000,000, 10.03% unsecured note
payable.  Investment income for fiscal year 1994 decreased $388,000 from
fiscal year 1993 primarily due to the sale of marketable securities to meet
the $6,600,000 debt repayment.  Also, marketable securities were sold to
fund capital expenditures including a significant building addition at the
Company's Richardson Road facility which was completed in August 1993. 
Other income for fiscal years 1994 and 1993 included $498,000 and $368,000,
respectively, for royalties received under a license agreement with a
foreign vendor.  Finally, in fiscal year 1993 the Company established an
allowance of $2,200,000 relating to a settlement of civil claims pertaining
to the pricing of a 1985 fixed-price contract modification.  

         The income tax provisions for fiscal years 1994 and 1993 were based on
annual effective tax rates of 30% and 42%, respectively.  Operating results
for the purpose of calculating the annual effective tax rate in fiscal year
1993 exclude the provision for claims settlement of $2,200,000.  See Note 5
to the consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation of the
statutory federal income tax rate to the Company's effective tax rates in
fiscal years 1994 and 1993.  

         As of  the beginning of fiscal year 1993, the Company adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes" and recorded the cumulative effect of the accounting change of
$2,540,000, or $.64 per share, primarily resulting from the recording of
tax benefits related to contract loss provisions recorded in prior years
and adjusting tax rates on previously recorded tax assets and liabilities. 
In addition, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" and
SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits".  The
Company's adoption of these two standards has not impacted current
operating results and is not expected to have a material impact on future
operating results.  

Results of Operations - Fiscal 1993 versus Fiscal 1992

         Sales and service revenues of $113,132,000 reflected a decrease of 19%
from the $140,112,000 in revenues reported for fiscal year 1992.  The
revenue decline directly reflected the low level of new contract awards
received during the last six months of fiscal year 1992.  Revenues from
avionics installation/integration programs reflected the most significant
decline in fiscal year 1993, contributing $32,732,000 of revenues in that
year as compared with $47,982,000 in fiscal year 1992.  In addition,
revenues attributable to simulator programs declined $13,155,000 in fiscal
year 1993 primarily due to the maturation of individual jamming simulator
programs such as the AN/ MLQ-T4 Ground Jammer, the AN/FSQ-T22, the HPMAS
ALT-40 and the Guided Weapons Evaluation Facility.  The decline was
partially offset by increased revenues from radar environmental simulator
programs with several foreign customers.  Electronic countermeasures
programs experienced revenue growth of $4,738,000 in fiscal year 1993 when
compared with fiscal year 1992.  Revenues from the TACJAM-A program, a
major electronic countermeasures program, contributed $12,996,000 for fis-
cal year 1993 as compared to $6,128,000 for fiscal year 1992.  That revenue
growth combined with a revenue growth of $7,636,000 in the Band 9/10
program, another electronic countermeasures program, were partially offset
by a decline in revenues from a major electronic countermeasures program
with a foreign government which contributed only $5,310,000 to revenues in
fiscal year 1993, down from $15,746,000 in fiscal year 1992.  

         Operating income was $2,143,000 in fiscal year 1993 as compared with
$5,323,000 in fiscal year 1992.  The decline in sales and service revenues
for fiscal year 1993 had a corresponding adverse impact on gross margins. 
Operating income for fiscal year 1993 was also adversely impacted by
$2,500,000 resulting from net unfavorable contract performance adjustments
to final cost estimates.  The fiscal year 1993 adjustments included
additional contract loss allowances of $1,800,000 and $1,100,000
established for the AN/ALR-67 ASR program and the AN/FSQ-T22 program, re-
spectively.  Fiscal year 1992 performance adjustments were essentially
offsetting.  Administrative and selling expenses for fiscal year 1993 were
fairly consistent with the amount of expenses reported for fiscal year
1992.  However, due to the decline in revenues, administrative and selling
expenses, which are generally fixed, increased significantly as a
percentage of revenues.  Operating income in fiscal year 1993 was adversely
impacted by costs associated with restructuring, corporate downsizing, and
consolidation of resources, which increased by approximately $1,200,000
from the amount of similar costs recorded in the prior year.  Such costs
were allocated to the Company's contracts as well as administrative and
selling expenses, thereby, representing contributing factors to the
aforementioned comparisons of contracts' gross margins, contracts'
performance adjustments and administrative and selling expenses.  Finally,
fiscal year 1993 had reduced bid and proposal activity, decreasing related
costs by $2,215,000 from fiscal year 1992, and growth in research and
development activity, increasing related costs by $759,000 from fiscal year
1992.  

         Interest expense in fiscal year 1993 was $2,418,000 as compared with
$3,272,000 in fiscal year 1992.  The decrease was due to lower average
borrowing levels combined with lower average interest rates.  The lower
borrowing levels in fiscal year 1993 were due to reductions in short-term
and long-term borrowings which occurred primarily in the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 1992 and resulted from cash provided by the settlement of a
claim in February 1992.  The claim settlement, which resulted in a gain of
$14,368,000 being recognized in fiscal year 1992, related to the redemption
of the Company's shares in Tadiran, Ltd.  Investment income for fiscal year
1993 was $843,000 as compared to $322,000 in fiscal year 1992.  The
increase was due to the investment of funds received from the
aforementioned claim settlement with Tadiran, Ltd.  Finally, in fiscal year
1993 the Company established an allowance of $2,200,000 relating to a
settlement of civil claims pertaining to the pricing of a 1985 fixed-price
contract modification.  

         The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" in fiscal year 1993.  As permitted
under SFAS No. 109, the Company has not restated the prior year's financial
statements to apply the provisions of SFAS No. 109.  The cumulative effect
of the accounting change as of the beginning of fiscal year 1993 was
$2,540,000, or $.64 per share, primarily resulting from the recording of
tax benefits related to contract loss provisions recorded in prior years
and adjusting tax rates on previously recorded tax assets and liabilities. 
The effect of the adoption of SFAS No. 109 on the income tax provision for
fiscal year 1993 decreased net income by $920,000, or $.24 per share,
primarily related to the establishment of a valuation allowance for the
deferred tax assets.  Extraordinary credits were recognized in fiscal year
1992 based on the carryforward of losses from prior years.  

Results of Operations - Outlook for Fiscal Year 1995

         The Company completed fiscal year 1994 with a firm orders backlog of
$121,478,000, approximately 22% lower than the backlog amount reported at
the end of fiscal year 1993.  It is anticipated that approximately 70% of
the backlog will be completed in fiscal year 1995, thereby contributing to
sales and service revenues for that year.  Sales and service revenues in
fiscal year 1995 are expected to approximate the level reported in fiscal
year 1994, however, revenues recognized will be partially dependent upon
the timing and amounts of anticipated new orders.  The level of new orders
in fiscal year 1995 is expected to exceed the level of new orders received
in fiscal year 1994.  The backlog at February 25, 1994 included an unfunded
amount of $14,747,000.  

         Fiscal year 1995 operating results will be influenced by various
internal and external factors.  The Company is presently engaged in several
programs involving complicated engineering development efforts and, as is
the case with most development efforts, technical and other complexities
are often encountered.  These complexities have resulted in increased
contract cost estimates in the past and could have the same result in the
future.  The Company could also encounter similar risks on other long-term
contracts as well as research and development efforts, and such factors
could impact future operating results.  In addition, the Company continues
to seek high-technology seed programs which are intended to provide a base
for the Company's future operations.  Such programs may require contract
investment provisions or significant Company-sponsored research and
development expenditures, both reflecting the Company's commitment of its
own funds.   

         Ongoing changes in many countries around the world have resulted in
the U.S. Government reassessing its approach to national defense spending. 
Although it is clear that defense spending will continue to decline, it is
unclear how that spending will be redirected.  Management is continuing its
strategic planning efforts in order to enhance the Company's ability to be
responsive to the Government's requirements and to select products and
business areas which will enable the Company to effectively compete and
perform in a very demanding marketplace.  Although the uncertainties of
future world events and the corresponding changes in national defense
spending hang over the defense industry, the Company's products, heavily
concentrated in the field of defense electronics, and management's constant
thrust to improve its design, manufacturing and quality systems, provide
the Company with the prerequisites to be competitive.  The U.S. Government
and its suppliers continue to be the most significant customers to the
Company and a significant reduction in one or more of the Company's major
defense programs, existing or anticipated, could adversely effect the
Company's future operating results.  

           The Company from time to time is subject to claims and
investigations arising from the conduct of its business with the U.S.
Government.  Under one such investigation, the Company has supplied the
Inspector General of the Department of Defense with certain documents
related to the AN/ MLQ-T4 Ground Jammer program.  At this time, management
is unable to determine when the Government will complete its investigation
or whether the Government will seek remedies as a result of its
investigation.  This matter and other ongoing legal matters which may
impact future operating results are described in Note 8 to the consolidated
financial statements.  

         The Company's consolidated balance sheet at February 25, 1994 contains
a net deferred tax asset of $2,896,000 including a valuation allowance of
$1,180,000 primarily for the uncertainty relating to the realization of
future income tax benefits.  The Company believes it is more likely than
not that the majority of the net deferred tax asset will be realized
through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and
future taxable income.  The Company's conclusion that it is "more likely
than not" that the majority of the deferred tax asset will be realized is
based on a history of earnings, forecasted earnings for fiscal year 1995
and the prospects for continued earnings after 1995.  However, significant
subsequent events related to the uncertainties discussed above could have a
material adverse effect on expected future income and, consequently, the
realization of the Company's deferred tax asset.  The Company will continue
to periodically review the tax criteria related to the recognition of the
deferred tax asset.  

Inflation

         Because the Company's products and services are predominantly custom-
made, the impact of inflation on operating results is typically not
significant.  The Company attempts to alleviate inflationary pressures by
increasing selling prices to help offset rising costs (subject to
competitive conditions and regulatory requirements), increasing
productivity and improving design and manufacturing techniques.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources

         The Company's primary source of short-term financing is from cost
reimbursements under contracts with the U.S. Government and its suppliers. 
That financing is supplemented, when necessary, through the liquidation of
short-term investments and borrowings under a line of credit agreement. 
Cash flows in fiscal year 1994 were provided through operations and
liquidation of marketable securities, and were absorbed to repay long-term
debt and fund capital expenditures.  At February 25, 1994, the Company has
available cash and equivalents and liquid marketable securities of
approximately $11,800,000, and a line of credit agreement providing for
borrowings up to $5,000,000.  The line of credit agreement expires June 30,
1994, at which time the Company expects to renew the agreement at
essentially the same terms and for an amount required to satisfy its needs
for the foreseeable future.  

         The Company's second installment repayment of $3,300,000 on its 10.03%
unsecured note obligation is due April 1994.  The Company has exercised an
option to accelerate the repayment of an additional $1,700,000.  This
additional payment will reduce the maturity of the unsecured note obli-
gation from April 1998 to April 1997.  See Note 4 to the consolidated
financial statements for the aggregate maturities of long-term borrowings
over the next five fiscal years.  The Company's ratio of current assets to
current liabilities decreased from 2.1 to 1 at February 26, 1993 to 2 to 1
at February 25, 1994, and the long-term debt to equity ratio decreased from
.4 to 1 at February 26, 1993 to .3 to 1 at February 25, 1994.   

         During fiscal year 1994, the Company completed construction of a major
building addition at its Richardson Road facility.  The total cost,
including related expenditures, of approximately $4,300,000 was funded
through the sale of marketable securities.  No major building additions are
planned in fiscal year 1995 and beyond.  

         In 1993, the Company agreed to pay $2,200,000 in settlement of civil
claims pertaining to the pricing of a 1985 fixed-price contract
modification.  The Company paid $1,100,000 in July 1993 and will pay the
balance in July 1994.  

         With a substantial amount of highly liquid assets and a strong working
capital position at February 25, 1994, capital resources should be
sufficient to meet the Company's operating needs for the foreseeable
future, as well as long-term debt maturities and other anticipated cash
outlays.  
<PAGE>

Responsibility for Financial Statements


         The Company's management is responsible for the fair presentation of
the financial statements and other financial information contained in this
Annual Report.  The financial statements, which include amounts based on
estimates and judgements, are prepared in accordance with generally accep-
ted accounting principles.  


         Management fulfills its responsibility primarily by establishing and
maintaining accounting systems and practices which are adequately supported
by internal accounting controls.  Controls are designed to provide
reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, transactions are executed
in accordance with management's authorization and the financial records are
reliable for the purpose of preparing financial statements.  Controls
include the selection and training of management and supervisory personnel;
maintenance of an organizational structure providing for the delegation of
authority and the establishment of responsibilities; communication of
requirements for compliance with approved accounting, control and business
practices throughout the organization; business planning and review; and a
program of internal audit.  


         The Board of Directors pursues its responsibility for the Company's
financial statements through its Audit Committee comprised solely of
outside directors, who meet periodically with the internal auditors,
independent auditors, and representatives of management to discuss auditing
and financial reporting matters.  The independent auditors have access to
the Audit Committee, without management representatives present, to discuss
the adequacy of internal accounting controls, as well as the scope and
results of their examination and their opinion on the quality of financial
reporting and other matters.  







_______________________
Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>
                         Report of Independent Auditors



To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of AEL Industries, Inc.

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AEL
Industries, Inc. as of February 25, 1994 and February 26, 1993, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 25,
1994.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.  

         We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
AEL Industries, Inc. at February 25, 1994 and February 26, 1993, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended February 25, 1994, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.  

         As discussed in the last paragraph of Note 8 to the consolidated
financial statements, the outcome of a U.S. Government investigation
associated with a fixed-price contract is presently not determinable.  No
provision for any liability that may result from this matter has been made
in the accompanying financial statements.  

         As discussed in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes in fiscal year
1993.  







Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
March 29, 1994
<PAGE>





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

Exhibit 22

                        SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
                                       
                                       
NAME                          STATE OR JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION


AEL Foreign Sales Corp.       U.S. Virgin Islands

AEL Microwave/Hybrid-1983,
Inc.                          Pennsylvania

AEL International Marketing
Services, Inc.                Delaware

UltraVest Corp.               Delaware


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>ERNST & YOUNG CONSENT
<TEXT>




                       Consent of Independent Auditors


We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form
10-K) of AEL Industries, Inc. of our report dated March 29, 1994, included
in the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders of AEL Industries, Inc.

Our audits also included the financial statement schedules of AEL
Industries, Inc. listed in Item 14(a).  These schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion based on our audits.  In our opinion, the financial
statement schedules referred to above, when considered in relation to the
basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material
respects the information set forth therein.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements pertaining to the Incentive Stock Option Plans (Form S-8 No. 2-
87030 and No. 33-64512) and the Non-Qualified Stock Option Plans (Forms S-8
No. 2-18195, No. 33-41025, and No. 33-64510) of AEL Industries, Inc. of our
report dated March 29, 1994, with respect to the financial statements
incorporated herein by reference and our report included in the preceding
paragraph with respect to the financial statement schedules included in the
1994 Annual Report (Form 10-K) of AEL Industries, Inc.



/s/ Ernst & Young


Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
May 17, 1994

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
