<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
================================================================================
                                      
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           Washington, D.C.  20549
                                      
                                  FORM 10-K

[X]   Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934 [Fee Required] 
      For fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

[  ]  Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934 [No Fee Required]

Commission file number 1-8400.

                               AMR CORPORATION
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                Delaware                                 75-1825172
----------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
      (State or other jurisdiction          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
    of incorporation or organization)             
                                                  
         4333 Amon Carter Blvd.                   
           Fort Worth, Texas                               76155
----------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip Code)

 Registrant's telephone number, including area code        (817) 963-1234
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


            Title of each class             Name of exchange on which registered
----------------------------------------    ------------------------------------
Common stock, $1 par value per share                New York Stock Exchange 
5-1/4% Subordinated Debentures due 1998             New York Stock Exchange 
6-1/8% Convertible Subordinated Quarterly                                   
  Income Capital Securities due 2024                New York Stock Exchange 
6-1/4% Subordinated Debentures due 1996             New York Stock Exchange
8.10% Notes due 1998                                New York Stock Exchange
9.00% Debentures due 2016

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:


                                     NONE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title of Class)

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
 required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
 registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
 such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  X  No    .
                                                     ---    ---

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
 of Regulation S-K (Section  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
 and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in
 definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
 III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [X]

 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
 registrant as of March 1, 1995, was approximately $4,690,925,138.  As of March
 1, 1995, 75,966,399 shares of the registrant's common stock were outstanding.

                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


 Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates by reference certain information from
 the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 17,
 1995.

================================================================================
<PAGE>   2

                                     PART I
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 1.      BUSINESS

AMR Corporation (AMR or the Company) was incorporated in October 1982.  AMR's
principal subsidiary, American Airlines, Inc.  (American), was founded in 1934.
For financial reporting purposes, AMR's operations fall within three major
lines of business:  the Air Transportation Group (ATG), The SABRE Group and the
AMR Management Services Group.

AIR TRANSPORTATION GROUP

ATG consists primarily of American's Passenger and Cargo divisions and AMR
Eagle, Inc., a subsidiary of AMR.

AMERICAN'S PASSENGER DIVISION is one of the largest scheduled passenger
airlines in the world.  At the end of 1994, American provided scheduled jet
service to more than 170 destinations, primarily throughout North America, the
Caribbean, Latin America, Europe and the Pacific.

AMERICAN'S CARGO DIVISION is one of the largest scheduled air freight carriers
in the world.  The Cargo Division provides a full range of freight and mail
services to shippers throughout the airline's system.  In addition, through
cooperative agreements with other carriers, it has the ability to transport
shipments to virtually any country in the world.

AMR EAGLE, INC. owns the four regional airlines which operate as "American
Eagle" -- Flagship Airlines, Inc., Simmons Airlines, Inc., Executive Airlines,
Inc., and Wings West Airlines, Inc.  The American Eagle carriers provide
connecting turboprop service from seven of American's high-traffic cities to
smaller markets throughout the United States, the Bahamas and the Caribbean.

THE SABRE GROUP

AMR formed The SABRE Group in 1993 to capitalize on the synergies of combining
its information technology businesses under common management.  The SABRE Group
includes SABRE Travel Information Network (STIN), SABRE Computer Services
(SCS), SABRE Decision Technologies (SDT), and SABRE Interactive.

STIN markets SABRE -- one of the largest privately owned, real-time computer
systems in the world -- and provides travel distribution and information
services to more than 28,000 travel agencies in 74 countries on six continents.

SCS manages and maintains AMR's technology infrastructure. SCS provides
planning, installation and operation of data centers, voice and data
communications networks and hardware, as well as technology and architectural
planning to other AMR units and external customers.

SDT provides decision support systems, application software packages, systems
development and consulting services to other AMR units and to external
companies in the transportation, travel and other industries worldwide.

SABRE INTERACTIVE is a unit recently formed to investigate opportunities for
consumer distribution via personal computer, CD-ROM, interactive television,
cable and other media.





                                       1
<PAGE>   3
AMR MANAGEMENT SERVICES GROUP

The AMR Management Services Group consists of six AMR subsidiaries -- AMR
Services Corporation, AMR Leasing Corporation, Americas Ground Services, Inc.
(AGS), AMR Investment Services, Inc., AMR Training & Consulting Group, Inc.
(AMRTCG), and Airline Management Services, Inc. (AMS).

AMR SERVICES CORPORATION has several major operating divisions:  Domestic and
International Airline Services, AMR Combs and AMR Distribution Systems.  The
Airline Services divisions' main lines of business include airline ground and
cargo handling, cabin service and an array of other air transportation-related
services for carriers around the world.  AMR Combs provides corporate aviation
services through a network of 12 fixed-base operations in the United States and
Mexico.  It also is involved in a number of other related businesses, including
parts and aircraft sales and operation of the world's largest executive charter
service.  AMR Distribution Systems serves the logistics marketplace and
specializes in contract warehousing, trucking and multi-modal freight
forwarding services.

      Beginning January 1, 1995, two AMR units -- TeleService Resources (TSR)
and Data Management Services (DMS) -- which have been included in The SABRE
Group for financial reporting purposes in 1993 and 1994, became part of AMR
Services.  TSR markets and operates a hotel reservations system and provides
telemarketing and call management services.  DMS provides data and document
management services to American and to companies in the insurance, financial
services and transportation industries.

AMR LEASING CORPORATION, a financing subsidiary, leases regional aircraft to
subsidiaries of AMR Eagle.

AGS provides airline ground and cabin service handling at 11 locations in eight
countries in the Caribbean and Central and South America.  AGS was incorporated
in 1993.

AMR INVESTMENT SERVICES, INC. serves as an investment advisor to AMR and other
institutional investors.   It also manages the American AAdvantage Funds, which
have both institutional shareholders, including pension funds and bank and
trust companies, and individual shareholders.  As of December 31, 1994, AMR
Investment Services was responsible for management of approximately $11.2
billion in assets, including direct management of approximately $4.4 billion in
short-term investments.

AMRTCG provides specialized training, management and consulting services to
companies in the aviation and transportation industries worldwide.  AMRTCG was
formed in 1992.

AMS was formed in 1994 to manage the Company's service contracts with other
airlines such as the agreement to provide a variety of management, technical
and administrative services to Canadian Airlines International, Ltd. that the
Company signed in April 1994.

         In March 1995, AMR announced the results of a six-month study of the
Air Transportation Group's administrative functions.  The Company identified
$93 million in annual cost savings and began implementing organizational
changes which are expected to yield additional cost reductions.  Such
organizational changes will not materially impact the Company's business
segment financial reporting.

      Additional information regarding business segments is included in
Management's Discussion and Analysis on pages 15 through 26 and in Note 14 to
the consolidated financial statements.





                                       2
<PAGE>   4
ROUTES AND COMPETITION

AIR TRANSPORTATION   Service over almost all of the Air Transportation Group's
routes is highly competitive.  Currently, any carrier deemed fit by the U.S.
Department of Transportation (DOT) is free to operate scheduled passenger
service between any two points within the U.S. and its possessions.  On most of
its routes, ATG competes with at least one, and usually more than one, major
domestic airline including:  America West Airlines, Continental Airlines, Delta
Air Lines, Northwest Airlines, Southwest Airlines, Trans World Airlines, United
Airlines, and USAir.  ATG also competes with national, regional, all-cargo, and
charter carriers and, particularly on shorter segments, ground transportation.

      Most major air carriers have developed hub-and-spoke systems and schedule
patterns in an effort to maximize the revenue potential of their service.
American operates six hubs:  Dallas/Fort Worth, Chicago O'Hare, Miami,
Nashville, Raleigh/Durham and San Juan, Puerto Rico.  In January 1995, American
announced schedule reductions for 1995 which will end the airline's hub
operations at Raleigh/Durham.  Delta Air Lines and United Airlines have large
hub operations at American's Dallas/Fort Worth and Chicago O'Hare hubs,
respectively.

      The American Eagle carriers increase the number of markets the Air
Transportation Group serves by providing connections to American at its hubs
and certain other major airports.  The American Eagle carriers -- Simmons
Airlines, Inc., Flagship Airlines, Inc., Wings West Airlines, Inc. and
Executive Airlines, Inc. -- serve smaller markets through Dallas/Fort Worth,
Chicago, Miami, Nashville, San Juan, Los Angeles and New York John F. Kennedy
International Airport.  American's competitors also own or have marketing
agreements with regional carriers which provide service at their major hubs.

      In addition to its extensive domestic service, American provides service
to and from cities in various other countries, primarily across North, Central
and South America and Europe.  In 1991, American added service to 20 cities in
15 countries in Latin America with the acquisition of route authorities from
Eastern Air Lines.  In 1992, American added service from several U.S. gateway
cities to London's Heathrow Airport with the acquisition of Trans World
Airlines' route authorities.  American's operating revenues from foreign
operations were approximately $4.3 billion in 1994, $3.9 billion in 1993 and
$3.7 billion in 1992.  Additional information about the Company's foreign
operations is included in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

      Competition in international markets is generally subject to more
extensive government regulation than domestic markets.  In these markets,
American competes with foreign-investor owned carriers, national flag carriers
and U.S. carriers that have been granted authority to provide scheduled
passenger and cargo service between the U.S. and various overseas locations.
American's operating authority in these markets is subject to aviation
agreements between the U.S. and the respective countries, and in some cases,
fares and schedules require the approval of the DOT and the relevant foreign
governments.  Because international air transportation is governed by bilateral
or other agreements between the U.S. and the foreign country or countries
involved, changes in U.S. or foreign government aviation policy could result in
the alteration or termination of such agreements, diminish the value of such
route authorities, or otherwise affect American's international operations.
Bilateral relations between the U.S. and various foreign countries served by
American are currently being renegotiated.

      On all of its routes, the Air Transportation Group's pricing decisions
are affected by competition from other airlines, some of which have cost
structures significantly lower than American's and can therefore operate
profitably at lower fare levels.  American and its principal competitors use
inventory and yield management systems that permit them to vary the number of
discount seats offered on each flight in an effort to maximize revenues.

      The Air Transportation Group believes that it has several advantages
relative to its competition.  Its fleet is young, efficient and quiet.  It has
a comprehensive domestic and international route structure, anchored by
efficient hubs, which permit it to take full advantage of whatever traffic
growth occurs.  The Company believes American's AAdvantage frequent flyer
program, which is the largest program in the industry, and its superior service
also give it a competitive advantage.





                                       3
<PAGE>   5
      The major domestic carriers have some advantage over foreign competitors
in their ability to generate traffic from their extensive domestic route
systems.  In many cases, however, U.S. carriers are limited in their rights to
carry passengers beyond designated gateway cities in foreign countries.  Some
of American's foreign competitors are owned and subsidized by foreign
governments.  To improve their access to each others' markets, various U.S. and
foreign carriers -- including American -- have made substantial equity
investments in, or established marketing relationships with, other carriers.

COMPUTER RESERVATION SYSTEMS   The complexity of the various schedules and
fares offered by air carriers has fostered the development of electronic
distribution systems.  Travel agents and other subscribers access travel
information and book airline, hotel and car rental reservations and issue
airline tickets using these systems.  American developed the SABRE computer
reservation system (CRS), which is one of the largest CRSs in the world.
Competition among the CRS vendors is strong.  Services similar to those offered
through SABRE are offered by several air carriers and other companies in the
United States and abroad.

      The SABRE CRS has several advantages relative to its competition.  SABRE
ranks first in market share among travel agents in the U.S.  The SABRE CRS is
furthering its expansion into international markets and continues to be in the
forefront of technological innovation in the CRS industry.

REGULATION

GENERAL   The Airline Deregulation Act of 1978 (Act) and various other statutes
amending the Act, eliminated most domestic economic regulation of passenger and
freight transportation.  However, the DOT and the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) still exercise certain regulatory authority over air
carriers under the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended.  The DOT maintains
jurisdiction over international route authorities and certain consumer
protection matters, such as advertising, denied boarding compensation, baggage
liability, and computer reservations systems.  The DOT issued certain rules
governing the CRS industry which became effective on December 7, 1992, and
expire on December 31, 1997.

      The FAA regulates flying operations generally, including establishing
personnel, aircraft and security standards.  In addition, the FAA has
implemented a number of requirements that the Air Transportation Group is
incorporating into its maintenance program.  These matters relate to, among
other things, inspection and maintenance of aging aircraft, corrosion control,
collision avoidance and windshear detection.  Based on its current
implementation schedule, the Air Transportation Group expects to be in
compliance with the applicable requirements within the required time periods.

      The U.S. Department of Justice has jurisdiction over airline antitrust
matters.  The U.S. Postal Service has jurisdiction over certain aspects of the
transportation of mail and related services.  Labor relations in the air
transportation industry are regulated under the Railway Labor Act, which vests
in the National Mediation Board certain regulatory powers with respect to
disputes between airlines and labor unions arising under collective bargaining
agreements.

FARES   Airlines are permitted to establish their own domestic fares without
governmental regulation, and the industry is characterized by substantial price
competition.  The DOT maintains authority over international fares, rates and
charges.  International fares and rates are also subject to the jurisdiction of
the governments of the foreign countries which American serves.  While air
carriers are required to file and adhere to international fare and rate
tariffs, many international markets are characterized by substantial
commissions, overrides, and discounts to travel agents, brokers and
wholesalers.

      Fare discounting by competitors has historically had a negative effect on
ATG's financial results because ATG is generally required to match competitors'
fares to maintain passenger traffic.  During recent years, a number of new
low-cost airlines have entered the domestic market and several major airlines
have begun to implement efforts to lower their cost structures.  Further fare
reductions, domestic and international, may occur in the future.  If fare
reductions are not offset by increases in passenger traffic or changes in the
mix of traffic that improves yields, ATG's operating results will be negatively
impacted.





                                       4
<PAGE>   6
AIRPORT ACCESS   In 1968, the FAA issued a rule designating New York John F.
Kennedy, New York LaGuardia, Washington National, Chicago O'Hare and Newark
airports as high density traffic airports.  Newark was subsequently removed
from the high density airport classification.  The rule adopted hourly take-off
and landing slot allocations for each of these airports.  In 1993, the FAA
granted a permanent rule change allowing each commuter operator at O'Hare to
use 50 percent of its slots for jets having not more than 110 seats.
Currently, the FAA permits the purchasing, selling, leasing and trading of
these slots by airlines and others, subject to certain restrictions.  Certain
foreign airports, including London Heathrow, a major European destination for
American, also have slot allocations.

      The Air Transportation Group currently has sufficient slot authorizations
to operate its existing flights and has generally been able to obtain slots to
expand its operations and change its schedules.  There is no assurance,
however, that the Air Transportation Group will be able to obtain slots for
these purposes in the future, because, among other factors, slot allocations
are subject to changes in government policies.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS   The Company is subject to various laws and government
regulations concerning environmental matters and employee safety and health in
the U.S. and other countries.  U.S. federal laws that have a particular impact
on the Company include the Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990 (ANCA), the
Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act,
the Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA or the Superfund Act).  The Company is
also subject to the oversight of the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA) concerning employee safety and health matters.  The U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), OSHA, and other federal agencies have
been authorized to promulgate regulations that have an impact on the Company's
operations.  In addition to these federal activities, various states have been
delegated certain authorities under the aforementioned federal statutes.  Many
state and local governments have adopted environmental and employee safety and
health laws and regulations, some of which are similar to federal requirements.
As a part of its continuing safety, health and environmental program, the
Company has maintained compliance with such requirements without any material
adverse effect on its business.

      For purposes of noise standards, jet aircraft are rated by categories or
"stages."  The ANCA requires the phase-out by December 31, 1999, of Stage II
aircraft operations, subject to certain exceptions.  Under final regulations
issued by the FAA in 1991, air carriers are required to reduce, by modification
or retirement, the number of Stage II aircraft in their fleets 25 percent by
December 31, 1994; 50 percent by December 31, 1996; 75 percent by December 31,
1998, and 100 percent by December 31, 1999.  Alternatively, a carrier may
satisfy the regulations by operating a fleet that is at least 55 percent, 65
percent, 75 percent, and 100 percent Stage III by the dates set forth in the
preceding sentence, respectively.  At December 31, 1994, approximately 86
percent of American's active fleet was Stage III, the quietest and most fuel
efficient rating category.

      The ANCA recognizes the rights of airport operators with noise problems
to implement local noise abatement programs so long as they do not interfere
unreasonably with interstate or foreign commerce or the national air
transportation system.  Authorities in several cities have promulgated aircraft
noise reduction programs, including the imposition of night-time curfews.  The
ANCA generally requires FAA approval of local noise restrictions on Stage III
aircraft first effective after October 1990, and establishes a regulatory
notice and review process for local restrictions on Stage II aircraft first
proposed after October 1990.  While American has had sufficient scheduling
flexibility to accommodate local noise restrictions imposed to date, American's
operations could be adversely affected if locally-imposed regulations become
more restrictive or widespread.

      American has been identified by the EPA as a potentially responsible
party (PRP) with respect to the following Superfund Sites:  Operating
Industries, Inc., California; Cannons, New Hampshire; Byron Barrel and Drum,
New York; Palmer PSC, Massachusetts; Frontier Chemical, New York and Duffy
Brothers, Massachusetts.  American has settled the Palmer PSC and Byron Barrel
and Drum matters, and all that remains to complete these matters are
administrative tasks.  American has signed a partial consent decree with
respect to Operating Industries, Inc.  With respect to the Operating
Industries, Inc., Palmer PSC, Frontier Chemical and Duffy Brothers sites,
American is one of several PRPs named at each site.  American's alleged waste
disposal although they are Superfund sites is minor compared to the other PRPs.

      American, along with most other tenants at Boston Logan International
Airport, has been notified under the Massachusetts State Superfund statute of a
claim for contribution by the Massachusetts Port Authority





                                       5
<PAGE>   7
(Massport).  Massport has claimed that American is responsible for past and
future remediation costs at the airport.  American is vigorously defending
against Massport's claim.

      American, along with most other tenants at the San Francisco
International Airport, has been ordered by the California Regional Water
Quality Control Board to engage in various studies of potential environmental
contamination at the airport and to undertake remedial measures, if necessary.

      AMR Combs Memphis, an AMR Services subsidiary, has been named a PRP at an
EPA Superfund Site in West Memphis, Arkansas.  AMR Combs Memphis' alleged
involvement in the site is minor relative to the other PRPs.

      Flagship Airlines, Inc., an AMR Eagle subsidiary, has been notified of
its potential liability under New York law at an inactive hazardous waste site
in Poughkeepsie, New York.

      AMR does not expect these matters, individually or collectively, to have
a material impact on its financial condition, operating results or cash flows.

LABOR

The airline business is labor intensive.  Approximately 82 percent of AMR's
employees work in the Air Transportation Group.  Wages, salaries and benefits
represented nearly 37 percent of AMR's consolidated operating expenses for the
year ended December 31, 1994.  To improve its competitive position, American
has undertaken various steps to reduce its unit labor costs, including
workforce reductions.

      The majority of American's employees are represented by labor unions and
covered by collective bargaining agreements.  American's relations with such
labor organizations are governed by the Railway Labor Act.  Under this act, the
collective bargaining agreements among American and these organizations do not
expire but instead become amendable as of a stated date.  If either party
wishes to modify the terms of any such agreement, it must notify the other
party before the contract becomes amendable.  After receipt of such notice, the
parties must meet for direct negotiations, and if no agreement is reached,
either party may request the National Mediation Board (NMB) to appoint a
federal mediator.  If no agreement is reached in mediation, the NMB may
determine, at any time, that an impasse exists, and if an impasse is declared,
the NMB proffers binding arbitration to the parties.  Either party may decline
to submit to arbitration.  If arbitration is rejected, a 30-day "cooling-off"
period commences, following which the labor organization may strike and the
airline may resort to "self-help," including the imposition of its proposed
amendments and the hiring of replacement workers.

      American's collective bargaining agreement with the Association of
Professional Flight Attendants became amendable on December 31, 1992.  The NMB
declared an impasse in the negotiations in September 1993, following a long
period of negotiation and mediation, and the parties entered into a 30-day
cooling off period, which ended without an agreement.  At the end of the
cooling off period, American imposed certain contract amendments as permitted
by law.  After the union staged a five-day strike against American in November
1993, the parties agreed to resolve the remaining issues through binding
arbitration.  The arbitration process is complex and will likely not be decided
for several months.  While the ultimate outcome is uncertain, the new contract
will likely result in higher unit labor costs in 1995 than in 1994.

      American's collective bargaining agreement with the Allied Pilots
Association became amendable on August 31, 1994.  American's collective
bargaining agreement with the Transport Workers Union became amendable March 1,
1995.

      A majority of the workforces at the four AMR Eagle carriers is
represented by labor unions and covered by a number of different collective
bargaining agreements.  Certain of these agreements are currently in
negotiation.  In addition, a proceeding is pending before the NMB in which the
issue is whether the four American Eagle carriers should be treated as a single
carrier for labor relations purposes.  If such a finding ultimately is made,
each unionized employee classification would have all members of all four
carriers represented for collective bargaining purposes as a single unit.  A
determination by the NMB is not likely before mid-1995.  The ultimate outcome
of this proceeding and its effect on costs is uncertain.





                                       6
<PAGE>   8
FUEL

The Air Transportation Group's operations are significantly affected by the
availability and price of jet fuel.  American's fuel costs and consumption for
the years 1990 through 1994 were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Percent of
                      Gallons                                     Average Price              AMR's
                      Consumed              Total Cost             Per Gallon              Operating
Year               (in millions)           (in millions)           (in cents)               Expenses
----               -------------           ------------           -------------            ----------
<S>                    <C>                <C>                         <C>                    <C>
1990                   2,397              $    1,899                  79.2                   16.4
1991                   2,527                   1,780                  70.5                   13.8
1992                   2,862                   1,862                  65.1                   12.9
1993                   2,939                   1,818                  61.8                   12.0
1994                   2,741                   1,556                  56.7                   10.3
</TABLE>

      Based upon American's 1994 fuel consumption, a one-cent rise in the
average annual price-per-gallon of jet fuel would increase American's monthly
fuel costs by approximately $2.3 million, not considering the offsetting effect
of American's fuel cost hedging program.  AMR's fuel cost in 1994 decreased
13.9 percent over the prior year, primarily due to an 8.3 percent decrease in
American's average price per gallon and a 6.7 percent decrease in gallons
consumed by American.

      The impact of fuel price changes on the Company's competitors is
dependent upon various factors, including their hedging strategies.  However,
lower fuel prices may be offset by increased price competition and lower
revenues for all air carriers.  Conversely, there can be no assurance that
American will be able to pass fuel cost increases on to its customers by
increasing fares in the future.

      Most of American's fuel is purchased pursuant to contracts which, by
their terms, may be terminated upon short notice.  While American does not
anticipate a significant reduction in fuel availability, dependency on foreign
imports of crude oil and the possibility of changes in government policy on jet
fuel production, transportation and marketing make it impossible to predict the
future availability of jet fuel.  If there were major reductions in the
availability of jet fuel, American's business would be adversely affected.

FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAM

American established the AAdvantage frequent flyer program (AAdvantage) to
develop passenger loyalty by offering awards to travelers for their continued
patronage.  AAdvantage members earn mileage credits for flights on American,
American Eagle and certain other participating airlines, or by utilizing
services of other program participants, including hotels, car rental companies
and bank credit card issuers.  American sells mileage credits to the other
companies participating in the program.  American reserves the right to change
the AAdvantage program rules, regulations, travel awards and special offers at
any time.  American may initiate changes impacting, for example, participant
affiliations, rules for earning mileage credit, mileage levels and awards,
blackout dates and limited seating for travel awards, and the features of
special offers.  American reserves the right to end the AAdvantage program with
six months notice.

      Mileage credits can be redeemed for free, discounted or upgraded travel
on American, American Eagle or participating airlines, or for other travel
industry awards.  Once a member accrues sufficient mileage for an award, the
member may request an award certificate from American.  Award certificates may
be redeemed up to one year after issuance.  Most travel awards are subject to
blackout dates and capacity controlled seating.  All miles earned after July
1989 must be redeemed within three years or they expire.

      American accounts for its frequent flyer obligation on an accrual basis
using the incremental cost method.  American's frequent flyer liability is
accrued each time a member accumulates sufficient mileage in his or her account
to claim the lowest level of free travel award (20,000 miles prior to February
1, 1995; 25,000 miles thereafter) and such award is expected to be used for
free travel on American.  American includes fuel, food, and
reservations/ticketing costs, but not a contribution to overhead or profit, in
the calculation of incremental cost.  The cost for fuel is estimated based on
total fuel consumption tracked by various categories of markets, with an





                                       7
<PAGE>   9
amount allocated to each passenger.  Food costs are tracked by market category,
with an amount allocated to each passenger.  Reservation/ticketing costs are
based on the total number of passengers, including those traveling on free
awards, divided into American's total expense for these costs.  No accrual is
made for non-travel awards since the cost to American, if any, is de minimis.

      At December 31, 1994 and 1993, American estimated that approximately 4.5
million and 5.4 million free travel awards, respectively, were eligible for
redemption.  At December 31, 1994 and 1993, American estimated that
approximately 3.6 million and 4.4 million free travel awards, respectively,
were expected to be redeemed for free travel on American. In making this
estimate, American has excluded mileage in inactive accounts, mileage related
to accounts that have not yet reached the lowest level of free travel award,
mileage that is not expected to ever be redeemed for free travel, and mileage
related to accounts that have reached the lowest level of free travel award but
are estimated based on historical data to be redeemed for discounts and
upgrades, free travel on participating airlines other than American, or
services other than free travel, for which American has no obligation to pay
the provider of those services.  The liability for the program mileage that has
reached the lowest level of free travel award and is expected to be redeemed
for free travel on American and deferred revenues for mileage sold to others
participating in the program was $329 million and $380 million, representing
6.7 percent and 8.6 percent of AMR's total current liabilities, at December 31,
1994 and 1993, respectively.

      The number of free travel awards used for travel on American during the
years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, was approximately 2,198,000,
2,163,000, and 1,474,000, respectively, representing 8.5 percent, 9.5 percent
and 6.0 percent of total revenue passenger miles for each period, respectively.
American believes displacement of revenue passengers is insignificant given
American's load factors, its ability to manage frequent flyer seat inventory,
and the relatively low ratio of free award usage to revenue passenger miles.

OTHER MATTERS

SEASONALITY AND OTHER FACTORS   The Air Transportation Group's results of
operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of those for
the entire year, since the air transportation business is subject to seasonal
fluctuations.  Higher demand for air travel has traditionally resulted in more
favorable operating results for the second and third quarters of the year than
for the first and fourth quarters.

      The results of operations in the air transportation business have also
significantly fluctuated in the past in response to general economic
conditions.  In addition, fare initiatives, fluctuations in fuel prices, labor
strikes and other factors could impact this seasonal pattern.  Unaudited
quarterly financial data for the two-year period ended December 31, 1994, is
included in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

      No material part of the business of AMR and its subsidiaries is dependent
upon a single customer or very few customers.  Consequently, the loss of the
Company's largest few customers would not have a materially adverse effect upon
AMR.

INSURANCE   American carries insurance for public liability, passenger
liability, property damage and all-risk coverage for damage to its aircraft, in
amounts which, in the opinion of management, are adequate.

OTHER GOVERNMENT MATTERS   In time of war or during an unlimited national
emergency or civil defense emergency, American and other major air carriers may
be required to provide airlift services to the Military Airlift Command under
the Civil Reserve Air Fleet program.





                                       8
<PAGE>   10
ITEM 2.      PROPERTIES

FLIGHT EQUIPMENT

Owned and leased aircraft operated by AMR's subsidiaries at December 31, 1994,
included:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                  
                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                       Current                                                                      Average
                                       Seating                        Capital       Operating                         Age
       Equipment Type                 Capacity          Owned         Leased         Leased         Total           (Years)
----------------------------          --------          -----         -------       --------        -----           ------
<S>                                   <C>                <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>
JET AIRCRAFT
Airbus A300-600R                          267             10             -             25             35              5 
Boeing 727-200                            150             49            22             17             88             18
Boeing 757-200                            188             40             9             32             81              3 
Boeing 767-200                            172              8             -              -              8             12
Boeing 767-200 Extended Range             172              9            13              -             22              8 
Boeing 767-300 Extended Range             215             12             3             22             37              4 
Fokker 100                                 97             66             5              4             75              2 
McDonnell Douglas DC-10-10            237/290             14             4              -             18             18
McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30                273              5             1              -              6             20
McDonnell Douglas MD-11               251/271             17             -              -             17              2 
McDonnell Douglas MD-80                   139            119            25            116            260              7 
                                                      ------         -----          -----          -----          -----
    Total                                                349            82            216            647              8 
                                                      ======         =====          =====          =====          =====
                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                               
REGIONAL AIRCRAFT                                                                                              
ATR 42                                     46             28             2             16             46              5 
Super ATR                                  64             23             -              5             28              2 
Jetstream 32                               19              -             -             52             52              4 
Saab 340A                                  34              -             -             16             16              7 
Saab 340B                                  34             29            61             10            100              2 
Shorts 360                              33/36              4             -             24             28              9 
                                                      ------         -----          -----          -----          -----
    Total                                                 84            63            123            270              4 
                                                      ======         =====          =====          =====          =====
</TABLE>             

      For information concerning the estimated useful lives and residual values
for owned aircraft, lease terms and amortization relating to aircraft under
capital leases, and acquisitions of aircraft, see Notes 1, 3 and 4 to the
consolidated financial statements.  See Management's Discussion and Analysis
for discussion of the retirement of certain aircraft from the fleet.





                                       9
<PAGE>   11
      Lease expirations for leased aircraft operated by AMR's subsidiaries and
included in the preceding table as of December 31, 1994, were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                    2000
                                                                                                                     and
 Equipment Type                            1995          1996           1997            1998           1999       Thereafter
------------------------                ---------      ---------     ---------       ---------      ---------     ---------
 <S>                                       <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>
 JET AIRCRAFT
 Airbus A300-600R                           -              -             -              -              -               25
 Boeing 727-200                            25              -             -              -              2               12
 Boeing 757-200                             -              -             -              -              -               41
 Boeing 767-200 Extended                                                                                                 
   Range                                    -              -             -              -              -               13
 Boeing 767-300 Extended                                                                                                 
   Range                                    -              -             -              -              -               10
 Fokker 100                                 -              -             -              -              -                9
 McDonnell Douglas DC-10-10                 -              3             1              -              -                -
 McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30                 -              -             -              1              -                -
 McDonnell Douglas MD-80                    -              -             -              -              -              141
                                        -----          -----         -----          -----          -----            -----
                                           25              3             1              1              2              251
                                        =====          =====         =====          =====          =====            =====

 REGIONAL AIRCRAFT
 ATR 42                                     -              -             -              -              6               12
 Super ATR                                  -              -             2              -              -                3
 Jetstream 32                               8             21            23              -              -                -
 Saab 340B                                  -              -             -              -              -               61
 Shorts 360                                 7              -             -              -              -               17
                                        -----          -----         -----          -----          -----            -----
                                           15             21            25              -              6               93
                                        =====          =====         =====          =====          =====            =====
</TABLE>


      The table excludes leases for 15 Boeing 767-300 Extended Range aircraft
which can be canceled with 30 days' notice during the first 10 years of the
lease term.  At the end of that term in 1998, the leases can be renewed for
periods ranging from 10 to 12 years.  The table also excludes leases for 16
Saab 340A aircraft and 10 Saab 340B aircraft which can be canceled with 90
days' notice within certain restrictions.  In addition, the leases for 8 ATR
aircraft included in the table will become cancelable in future years.

      Substantially all of the Air Transportation Group's aircraft leases
include an option to purchase the aircraft or to extend the lease term, or
both, with the purchase price or renewal rental to be based essentially on the
market value of the aircraft at the end of the term of the lease or at a
predetermined fixed rate.

GROUND PROPERTIES

American leases, or has built as leasehold improvements on leased property,
most of its airport and terminal facilities; certain corporate office,
maintenance and training facilities in Fort Worth, Texas; its principal
overhaul and maintenance base and computer facility at Tulsa International
Airport, Tulsa, Oklahoma; its regional reservation offices; and local ticket
and administration offices throughout the system.  American has entered into
agreements with the Tulsa Municipal Airport Trust; the Alliance Airport
Authority, Fort Worth, Texas; and the Dallas/Fort Worth, Chicago O'Hare,
Raleigh/Durham, Nashville, San Juan, New York, and Los Angeles airport
authorities to provide funds for constructing, improving and modifying
facilities and acquiring equipment which are or will be leased to American.
American also utilizes public airports for its flight operations under lease
arrangements with the municipalities or governmental agencies owning or
controlling them and leases certain other ground equipment for use at its
facilities.

      For information concerning the estimated lives and residual values for
owned ground properties, lease terms and amortization relating to ground
properties under capital leases, and acquisitions of ground properties, see
Notes 1, 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements.





                                       10
<PAGE>   12
ITEM 3.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

American has been sued in two class action cases that have been consolidated in
the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, in connection with certain changes
made to American's AAdvantage frequent flyer program in May, 1988. (Wolens, et
al v. American Airlines, Inc., No. 88 CH 7554, and Tucker v. American Airlines,
Inc., No. 89 CH 199.)  In both cases, the plaintiffs seek to represent all
persons who joined the AAdvantage program before May 1988.  The complaints
allege that, on that date, American implemented changes that limited the number
of seats available to participants traveling on certain awards and established
holiday blackout dates during which no AAdvantage seats would be available for
certain awards.  The plaintiffs allege that these changes breached American's
contracts with AAdvantage members and were in violation of the Illinois
Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practice Act (Consumer Fraud Act).
Plaintiffs seek money damages of an unspecified sum, punitive damages, costs,
attorneys fees and an injunction preventing the Company from making any future
changes that would reduce the value of AAdvantage benefits.  American moved to
dismiss both complaints, asserting that the claims are preempted by the Federal
Aviation Act and barred by the Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution.

         The trial court denied American's preemption motions, but certified
its decision for interlocutory appeal.  In December 1990, the Illinois
Appellate Court held that plaintiffs' claims for an injunction are preempted by
the Federal Aviation Act, but that plaintiffs' claims for money damages could
proceed.  On March 12, 1992, the Illinois Supreme Court affirmed the decision
of the Appellate Court.  American sought a writ of certiorari from the U.S.
Supreme Court; and on October 5, 1992, that Court vacated the decision of the
Illinois Supreme Court and remanded the cases for reconsideration in light of
the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Morales v. TWA, et al, which interpreted
the preemption provisions of the Federal Aviation Act very broadly.  On
December 16, 1993, the Illinois Supreme Court rendered its decision on remand,
holding that plaintiffs' claims seeking an injunction were preempted, but that
identical claims for compensatory and punitive damages were not preempted.  On
February 8, 1994, American filed petition for a writ of certiorari in the U.S.
Supreme Court.  The Illinois Supreme Court granted American's motion to stay
the state court proceeding pending disposition of American's petition in the
U.S. Supreme Court.  The matter was argued before the U.S. Supreme Court on
November 1, 1994, and on January 18, 1995, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its
opinion ending a portion of the suit against American.  The U.S. Supreme Court
held that a) plaintiffs' claim for violation of the Illinois Consumer Fraud Act
was preempted by federal law -- entirely ending that part of the case and
eliminating plaintiffs' claim for punitive damages; and b) certain breach of
contract claims would not be preempted by federal law.  The Court did not
determine, however, whether the contract claims asserted by the plaintiffs in
Wolens were preempted, and therefore remanded the case to the state court for
further proceedings.  In the event that the plaintiffs' breach of contract
claim is eventually permitted to proceed in the state court, American intends
to vigorously defend the case.





                                       11
<PAGE>   13
ITEM 4.      SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders during
the last quarter of its fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The executive officers of AMR as of December 31, 1994, were:

<TABLE>
 <S>                          <C>
 Robert L. Crandall           Mr. Crandall was elected Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AMR and American in March 1985.  He
                              has been President of AMR since its formation in 1982 and President of American since 1980.  Age 59.

 Robert W. Baker              Mr. Baker was elected Executive Vice President in September 1989.  He had been Senior Vice President
                              since July 1987.  Prior to that, he had served in various senior management positions at American
                              since April 1985.  He was elected Vice President of American in October 1977.  Age 50.

 Donald J. Carty              Mr. Carty was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of AMR in October 1989.
                              Except for two years' service as President of Canadian Pacific Air between March 1985 and March 1987,
                              he has been with the Company in various finance and planning positions since 1978.  Age 48.

 Gerard J. Arpey              Mr. Arpey was elected Senior Vice President in April 1992.  Prior to that, he served as Vice
                              President of American since October 1989.  Age 36.

 Michael J. Durham            Mr. Durham was elected Senior Vice President and Treasurer of AMR and Senior Vice President - Finance
                              and Chief Financial Officer of American in October 1989.  Prior to that, he served as Vice President
                              and Treasurer of American since January 1989, and, prior to that, Vice President - Corporate Planning
                              and Finance of American since September 1985.  Age 44.

 Michael W. Gunn              Mr. Gunn was elected Senior Vice President in May 1991 and Senior Vice President - Marketing of
                              American in November 1986.  From October 1985 to November 1986 he was Senior Vice President -
                              Passenger Marketing of American.  From July 1982 to October 1985, he was Vice President - Passenger
                              Sales and Advertising.  Age 49.

 Max D. Hopper                Mr. Hopper was elected Chairman of The SABRE Group in April 1993 and Senior Vice President of AMR in
                              May 1986.  He was elected Senior Vice President - Information Systems of American in November 1985.
                              Age 60. Mr. Hopper retired in January 1995.

 Anne H. McNamara             Mrs. McNamara was elected Senior Vice President and General Counsel in June 1988.  She had served as
                              Vice President - Personnel Resources of American from January 1988 through May 1988.  She was elected
                              Corporate Secretary of AMR in 1982 and American in 1979 and held those positions through 1987.  Age
                              47.

 Kathleen M. Misunas          Mrs. Misunas was elected Senior Vice President of AMR and American and President and Chief Executive
                              Officer of The SABRE Group in April 1993.  Prior to that, she served as President of SABRE Travel
                              Information Network and Vice President of American since July 1988.  Age 44.  Mrs. Misunas resigned
                              in March 1995.

 Charles D. MarLett           Mr. MarLett was elected Corporate Secretary in January 1988.  He joined  American as an attorney in
                              June 1984.  Age 40.
</TABLE>





                                       12
<PAGE>   14
      There is no family relationship (blood, marriage or adoption, not more
remote than first cousin) between any of the officers named above.

      There have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal
proceedings, and no judgments or injunctions material to the evaluation of the
ability and integrity of any director or executive officer during the past five
years.


                                    PART II
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 5.      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
             MATTERS


      The Company's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange
(symbol AMR).
The approximate number of record holders of the Company's common stock at March
1, 1995, was 17,160.

      The range of closing market prices for AMR's common stock on the New York
Stock Exchange was:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               1994                                         1993
                                   --------------------------                    -------------------------
                                    High                  Low                    High                  Low
                                   -----                  ---                    ----                  ---
 <S>                            <C>                  <C>                     <C>                  <C>
 QUARTER ENDED
 March 31                       $    71 3/4          $     56 1/2            $    69 5/8          $    55 5/8
 June 30                             60 3/4                52 1/4                 72 5/8               60 1/2
 September 30                        62 7/8                50 3/4                 67 5/8               59 5/8
 December 31                         55 1/4                48 1/8                 71 3/4               63 7/8
</TABLE>

      No cash dividends on common stock were declared for any period during
1994 or 1993.  Payment of dividends is subject to the restrictions described in
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.


ITEM 6.      SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

 (in millions, except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         1994                 1993                 1992                  1991                1990
                                         ----                 ----                 ----                  ----                ----
<S>                                     <C>                  <C>                   <C>                  <C>                 <C>
 Total operating revenues               $16,137              $15,816               $14,396              $12,887             $11,720
 Operating income (loss)                  1,006                  690                   (25)                   5                 124
Earnings (loss) before
 extraordinary loss and
 cumulative effect of
 accounting changes                         228                  (96)                 (475)                (240)                (40)
Earnings (loss) before
 cumulative effect of
 accounting changes                         228                 (110)                 (475)                (240)                (40)
 Net earnings (loss)                        228                 (110)                 (935)                (240)                (40)
Primary and fully diluted
 earnings (loss) per common
 share before extraordinary
 loss, cumulative effect of
 accounting changes,
 and effect of preferred stock
 exchange(1)                               2.26                (2.05)                (6.35)               (3.54)              (0.64)
Primary and fully diluted
 net earnings (loss) per common
 share                                     4.51                (2.23)               (12.49)               (3.54)              (0.64)


</TABLE>



                                       13
<PAGE>   15
<TABLE>
<S>                                      <C>                  <C>                   <C>                  <C>                  <C>
 Total assets                            19,486               19,326                18,706               16,208               13,354
 Long-term debt                           5,603                5,431                 5,643                3,951                1,674
Obligations under capital
 leases                                   2,275                2,123                 2,195                1,928                1,598
Obligation for postretirement
 benefits                                 1,254                1,090                 1,006                    -                    -
</TABLE>

(1)    Information on the adjustment to the earnings per share computation
       for the twelve months ended December 31, 1994, for the effect of the 
       preferred stock exchange is included in Note 5 to the consolidated 
       financial statements.

No dividends were declared on common shares during any of the periods above.

Effective January 1, 1992, AMR adopted Statements of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106, "Employer's Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other
Than Pensions," and No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."

Information on the comparability of results is included in Management's
Discussion and Analysis and the notes to the consolidated financial statements.





                                       14
<PAGE>   16
ITEM 7.      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
             FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

SUMMARY   AMR's net income in 1994 was $228 million ($2.26 per common share,
primary and fully diluted, after preferred dividends but before an adjustment
to additional paid-in capital for an exchange of debentures for preferred
stock).  During the fourth quarter of 1994, AMR recorded a charge of $278
million ($174 million after tax) related to the cost of future pension and
other postretirement benefits for agent and management/support staff voluntary
early retirement programs, severance and other restructuring activities.
Before the special charge, net earnings were $402 million.  In addition to the
restructuring charge, the Company's fourth quarter earnings include a charge of
$25 million ($16 million after tax) related to the loss of two regional
aircraft operated by subsidiaries of AMR Eagle.  The Company's fourth quarter
results were also adversely affected by the disruption of American Eagle
operations at the Chicago and Raleigh/Durham hubs.

      AMR's net loss in 1993 was $110 million ($2.23 per common share, primary
and fully diluted).  The 1993 results reflect the negative impact of a five-day
strike in November by the union representing American's flight attendants.  The
results for 1993 also include a $125 million charge ($79 million after tax) for
the retirement of certain DC-10 aircraft, a positive $115 million adjustment to
revenues ($67 million net of related commission expense and taxes) for a change
in estimate related to certain earned passenger revenues, and a $71 million
provision ($46 million after tax) for losses associated with a reservations
system project and resolution of related litigation.  The Company's 1994
operating income was $1.0 billion compared with $690 million in 1993.

      In light of the changing competitive environment toward lower costs and
lower fares, in 1993 the Company began implementing a new strategic framework,
known as the Transition Plan.  The Plan has three parts, each intended to
improve the Company's results.  First, make the core airline business bigger
and stronger where economically justified.  Second, and conversely, shrink the
airline where it cannot compete profitably.  Third, reallocate resources and
effort to AMR's growing information and management services businesses which
are more profitable than the airline.

      The Company's improved results reflect progress on each of these three
tenets, as well as strong economies in most of the markets it serves, stringent
cost controls and relatively low fuel prices.

      In the low fare environment that has existed in recent years, the
Company's efforts to increase unit revenues have focused on garnering a larger
share of premium fare traffic.  American has added flights at its major hubs;
increased service between major business markets such as Dallas/Fort Worth,
Chicago and New York; added more first class seating on narrowbody aircraft;
expanded its successful transcontinental three-class service; and continued to
increase international service.

      During the same period, American has continued to downsize, primarily in
domestic markets.  Ninety-one older, less efficient jet aircraft have been
removed from service since the Transition Plan was introduced in 1993.
American Eagle has expanded its regional service as American has reduced
short-haul jet service.  American has trimmed service to about 30 cities and on
over 100 routes.  American and American Eagle closed their San Jose,
California, hub operations in 1993.  American Eagle service at Raleigh/Durham
was eliminated at the end of 1994, and American announced an end to its hub
operation there by the summer of 1995.  From the end of 1993 to the end of
1994, the Air Transportation Group's average equivalent workforce declined by
3,800.  In 1995, the Company plans further workforce reductions as it
restructures airport and reservations agent activities and continues to reduce
management and administrative staffing.

      Meanwhile, the Company's non-airline businesses continued their strong
performances.  Domestic fare activity and international expansion generated
increased booking fees for The SABRE Group.  In total, The SABRE Group's
revenues were up 13 percent from 1993 and its operating margin was nearly 24
percent.





                                       15
<PAGE>   17
BUSINESS SEGMENTS   The following sections provide a discussion of AMR's
results by reporting segment.  A description of the businesses in each
reporting segment is included on pages 1 and 2.  Additional segment information
is included in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

AIR TRANSPORTATION GROUP
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
 (dollars in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    1994                   1993                   1992
                                                                ------------           ------------            -----------
<S>                                                             <C>                    <C>                     <C>
 REVENUES
 Passenger      - American Airlines, Inc.                       $     12,826           $     12,900            $    11,895
                - AMR Eagle, Inc.                                        790                    711                    495
 Cargo                                                                   657                    643                    581
 Other                                                                   622                    531                    503
                                                                ------------           ------------            -----------
                                                                      14,895                 14,785                 13,474
 EXPENSES
 Wages, salaries and benefits                                          4,923                  4,837                  4,592
 Aircraft fuel                                                         1,614                  1,875                  1,908
 Commissions to agents                                                 1,335                  1,448                  1,301
 Depreciation and amortization                                         1,021                  1,005                    838
 Other operating expenses                                              5,144                  5,246                  5,145
 Restructuring costs                                                     272                      -                      -
                                                                ------------           ------------            -----------
   Total operating expenses                                           14,309                 14,411                 13,784
                                                                ------------           ------------            -----------
 OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)                                                 586                    374                   (310)
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)                                                 (593)                  (688)                  (477)
                                                                ------------           ------------            -----------

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES,
 EXTRAORDINARY LOSS AND CUMULATIVE
 EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGES                                   $         (7)          $       (314)           $      (787)
                                                                ============           ============            ===========
 Average number of equivalent employees                               90,300                 94,100                 92,500

 OPERATING STATISTICS
 AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.
 Passenger Division
 Revenue passenger miles (millions)                                   98,896                 97,160                 97,425
 Available seat miles (millions)                                     152,668                160,890                152,996
 Passenger revenue yield per passenger mile (cents)                    12.97                  13.28                  12.21
 Passenger revenue per available seat mile (cents)                      8.40                   8.02                   7.77
 Operating expenses excluding restructuring costs
    per available seat mile (cents)                                     8.34                   8.25                   8.42
 Passenger load factor                                                  64.8%                  60.4%                  63.7%
 Breakeven load factor excluding restructuring costs                    61.5%                  60.5%                  67.1%
 Operating aircraft at year-end                                          647                    667                    672
 Cargo Division
 Cargo ton miles (millions)                                            1,983                  1,826                  1,490
 Revenue yield per ton mile (cents)                                    33.11                  34.86                  38.70

 AMR EAGLE, INC.
 Revenue passenger miles (millions)                                    2,486                  2,125                  1,440
 Available seat miles (millions)                                       4,379                  3,821                  2,698
 Passenger load factor                                                  56.8%                  55.6%                  53.4%
 Operating aircraft at year-end                                          270                    275                    277


</TABLE>



                                       16
<PAGE>   18
REVENUES

1994 COMPARED TO 1993   Air Transportation Group revenues of $14.9 billion in
1994 were up $110 million, 0.7 percent, versus 1993.  American's passenger
revenues decreased 0.6 percent, $74 million.  The decline in passenger revenues
resulted primarily from a 2.3 percent decrease in passenger yield (the average
amount one passenger pays to fly one mile) from 13.28 to 12.97 cents, partially
offset by a 1.8 percent increase in passenger traffic.  Yields were driven
lower by competitive fare discounting and the greater presence of low-fare
competitors in certain domestic markets.  In addition, from 1993 to 1994,
American's average stage length increased approximately 6.4 percent,
contributing to the decline in passenger yields since fares on longer trips
tend to be lower than shorter trips on a per mile basis.  For the year,
domestic yield decreased 4.0 percent, while yield increased 2.6 percent in
Latin America and 4.5 percent in Europe.  In 1994, American derived 71.5
percent of its passenger revenues from domestic operations and 28.5 percent
from international operations.

      American's domestic traffic increased 0.4 percent, to 70.0 billion
revenue passenger miles (RPMs), while domestic capacity decreased 6.0 percent.
International traffic grew 5.2 percent, to 28.9 billion RPMs on a capacity
reduction of 2.7 percent.  The increase in international traffic was led by a
9.7 percent increase in Latin America on capacity growth of 1.1 percent, and a
1.6 percent increase in Europe on a capacity reduction of 6.9 percent.  Traffic
suffered in 1993 from American's inability to carry passengers during the
flight attendants' strike in November 1993 and the adverse effect of the strike
on passenger demand in the following month.  Traffic in 1994 reflects the
negative impact of the FAA's ban on flying ATR aircraft in known or forecasted
icing conditions which was in effect from December 9, 1994 through January 11,
1995.  The restrictions resulted in the temporary suspension of American Eagle
ATR service at Chicago and the Company's decision to end American Eagle service
at Raleigh/Durham.

      Despite the effect of the ATR restrictions, the AMR Eagle carriers'
passenger revenues increased 11.1 percent, $79 million.  Traffic on the AMR
Eagle carriers increased 17.0 percent, to 2.5 billion RPMs, while capacity grew
14.6 percent.  Passenger yield decreased 5.0 percent, in part due to the
carriers' increased stage length as they entered longer haul markets.

      Cargo revenues increased 2.2 percent, $14 million, driven by an 8.6
percent increase in American's domestic and international cargo volumes,
partially offset by decreasing yields brought about by strong price competition
resulting from excess industry capacity.

      Other revenues, consisting of fees for excess baggage and other passenger
services, tour marketing, contract maintenance and miscellaneous other
revenues, increased 17.1 percent, $91 million, primarily as a result of
increased passenger traffic, additional contract maintenance work and leasing
of excess aircraft.

1993 COMPARED TO 1992   Air Transportation Group revenues of $14.8 billion in
1993 were up $1.3 billion, 9.7 percent, versus 1992.  American's passenger
revenues rose 8.4 percent, $1.0 billion, primarily as a result of an 8.8
percent increase in passenger yield, offset by a 0.3 percent decline in
passenger traffic.

      American's passenger yield in 1993 increased to 13.28 cents, primarily as
a result of a very weak comparison base of 1992, when revenues were negatively
impacted by competitors' drastic discounting of domestic fares.  For the year,
domestic yield increased 13.5 percent.  International yield was mixed,
increasing 13.9 percent in the Pacific, unchanged in Latin America, and
declining 10.1 percent in Europe.  In 1993, American derived 73.8 percent of
its passenger revenues from domestic operations and 26.2 percent from
international operations.

      Although American's system capacity, as measured by available seat miles
(ASMs), increased 5.2 percent, its traffic, as measured by RPMs, decreased 0.3
percent.  The drastic fare discounting drove traffic up to record levels in
1992.  Traffic suffered in 1993 from American's inability to carry passengers
during the flight attendants' union strike in November and the adverse effect
of the strike on passenger demand during the month of December.  American's
domestic traffic decreased 3.5 percent, to 69.7 billion RPMs, while domestic
capacity grew 2.9 percent.  International traffic grew 9.1 percent, to 27.5
billion RPMs on capacity growth of 12.1 percent.  The increase in international
traffic was led by a 14.7 percent increase in Latin America on capacity growth
of 17.5 percent, and a 7.4 percent increase in Europe on capacity growth of
10.8 percent.





                                       17
<PAGE>   19
      Passenger revenues for the AMR Eagle carriers increased 43.6 percent,
$216 million, primarily due to the opening and expansion of regional operations
at Dallas/Fort Worth with assets acquired from Metroflight, Inc.  Traffic on
the AMR Eagle carriers increased 47.6 percent to 2.1 billion RPMs, while
capacity grew 41.6 percent to 3.8 billion ASMs.  Passenger yield decreased 2.7
percent.

      Cargo revenues increased 10.7 percent, $62 million, driven by a 22.5
percent increase in American's domestic and international cargo volumes,
partially offset by decreasing yields brought about by strong price competition
resulting from excess industry capacity.

      Other revenues, consisting of service fees, liquor revenues, duty-free
sales, tour marketing and miscellaneous other revenues, increased 5.6 percent,
$28 million, primarily as a result of increased traffic.

EXPENSES

1994 COMPARED TO 1993   Air Transportation Group operating expenses in 1994
included restructuring charges of $272 million, primarily resulting from the
cost of future pension and other postretirement benefits related to agent and
management voluntary early retirement programs.  Excluding the restructuring
costs, the Air Transportation Group's operating expenses decreased 2.6 percent,
$374 million.  American's capacity decreased 5.1 percent, due primarily to the
retirement of 41 older aircraft, partially offset by the addition of 22 new
aircraft.  Because capacity decreased more rapidly than expenses, American's
Passenger Division cost per ASM, excluding restructuring costs, increased by
1.1 percent, to 8.34 cents.

      Despite a 4.0 percent decrease in the average number of equivalent
employees, wages, salaries and benefits expense rose 1.8 percent, $86 million.
The increase was due primarily to contractual and other wage and salary
adjustments for existing employees, variable compensation under the Company's
various profit sharing plans, and rising pension and other postretirement
benefits costs.

      Aircraft fuel expense decreased 13.9 percent, $261 million, due to an 8.4
percent decrease in American's average price per gallon and a 6.8 percent
decrease in gallons consumed by American.  American's average price per gallon
decreased from $0.62 per gallon in 1993 to $0.57 per gallon in 1994.  American
consumed an average of 228 million gallons of jet fuel each month.  A one-cent
increase in fuel prices costs approximately $2.3 million per month, not
considering the offsetting effect of the Company's fuel price hedging program.

      Commissions to agents decreased 7.8 percent, $113 million, due to a lower
percentage of passenger revenues subject to commissions and a change in
classification of certain international commissions.

      New aircraft acquisitions and other capital spending increased
depreciation and amortization 1.6 percent, $16 million.  Capital spending in
1994 included acquisition of 17 owned jet aircraft, five capital-leased jet
aircraft and 16 owned turboprop aircraft and other capital equipment.  This
increase was partially offset by the retirement of 22 owned and capital-leased
aircraft from the fleet.

      Other operating expenses, consisting of aircraft rentals, other rentals
and landing fees, food service costs, maintenance expenses and miscellaneous
operating expenses, decreased 1.9 percent, $102 million.  Aircraft rentals
decreased 1.8 percent, $14 million, primarily due to the expiration of
operating leases during 1994 on 19 Boeing 727, 19 Jetstream 32, and five Shorts
360 aircraft, partially offset by the addition of 14 Super ATR and three Saab
340 aircraft on operating leases to subsidiaries of AMR Eagle from AMR Leasing.
Other rentals and landing fees decreased 1.5 percent, $12 million, due
primarily to reduced landing fees expense resulting from American's capacity
reductions, partially offset by higher fee rates charged by airports.  Food
service cost decreased 4.2 percent, $29 million, due to a 1.8 percent decline
in passengers boarded and aggressive cost reduction strategies, including
changes in meal scheduling policies, renegotiation of contracts and increased
use of vendor-prepared products.  Maintenance materials and repairs expense
decreased 13.7 percent, $90 million.  American's maintenance costs were lower
as a result of retiring older aircraft from the fleet, increased warranty
recoveries, and operational efficiencies gained by reducing the number of
maintenance locations and other initiatives.  Offsetting the decrease for
American, growth of the American Eagle operations generated an increase in its
maintenance materials and repairs costs.  Miscellaneous operating expenses
(including data processing services, booking fees, crew travel expenses, credit
card fees, advertising and communications costs) increased 1.8 percent, $43
million, primarily due to increased booking fees.





                                       18
<PAGE>   20
1993 COMPARED TO 1992   Air Transportation Group operating expenses increased
4.5 percent, $627 million.  American's capacity increased 5.2 percent, to 160.9
billion ASMs, due primarily to the addition of new aircraft.  American's
Passenger Division cost per ASM decreased 2.0 percent, to 8.25 cents.

      Wages, salaries and benefits rose 5.3 percent, $245 million, due to wage
and salary adjustments for existing employees, rising healthcare costs and a
1.7 percent increase in the average number of equivalent employees.  In
addition, during the fourth quarter, the Air Transportation Group recorded a
$13 million severance provision in conjunction with layoffs and voluntary
terminations of management/specialist and operations personnel.

      Aircraft fuel expense decreased 1.7 percent, $33 million, due to a 4.9
percent decrease in American's average price per gallon, partially offset by a
2.7 percent increase in gallons consumed by American.  American's average price
per gallon decreased from $0.65 per gallon in 1992 to $0.62 per gallon in 1993.

      Commissions to agents increased 11.3 percent, $147 million, due
principally to increased passenger revenues and increased incentives for travel
agents.

      Depreciation and amortization increased 19.9 percent, $167 million,
primarily due to the addition of 44 owned jet aircraft, 24 owned turboprop
aircraft and other capital equipment.

      Other operating expenses, consisting of aircraft rentals, other rentals
and landing fees, food service costs, maintenance expenses and miscellaneous
operating expenses, increased 2.0 percent, $101 million.  Aircraft rentals
increased 8.8 percent, $65 million, primarily due to the full-year impact of
1992 operating-leased aircraft additions and the addition of operating-leased
aircraft during 1993.  Other rentals and landing fees increased 4.4 percent,
$33 million, due primarily to increased rentals resulting from additions,
improvements and renovations to facilities owned by airport authorities and
leased to American.  Food service cost increased 0.6 percent, $4 million,
reflecting the 9.1 percent increase in international traffic, where food costs
are greater, offset by the 3.5 percent decrease in domestic traffic.
Maintenance materials and repairs expense decreased 3.5 percent, $24 million,
due principally to the retirement of older aircraft and increased operational
efficiencies.  Miscellaneous operating expenses (including crew travel
expenses, booking fees, purchased services, communications charges, credit card
fees and advertising) increased 1.0 percent, $23 million, primarily due to the
increase in capacity.

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)

Other Income (Expense) consists of interest income and expense, interest
capitalized and miscellaneous - net.

1994 COMPARED TO 1993   Interest expense, net of interest income, decreased 3.5
percent, $20 million.  Interest expense was lower due to repurchases and
retirement of long-term debt and savings generated by interest rate swap
transactions, offset in part by the effect of rising interest rates on floating
rate obligations.  Interest income increased due to a higher average investment
balances and higher interest rates.  Interest capitalized decreased 58.5
percent, $30 million, primarily as a result of the decrease in the average
balance during the year of purchase deposits for flight equipment.

      Miscellaneous - net for 1994 includes a $25 million charge related to the
loss of two regional aircraft operated by subsidiaries of AMR Eagle.
Miscellaneous - net for 1993 includes a $125 million charge related to the
retirement of certain DC-10 aircraft.

1993 COMPARED TO 1992   Interest expense, net of interest income, increased
10.1 percent, $53 million, as a result of additional external financings,
offset in part by interest savings generated from declining interest rates,
interest rate swap transactions and repurchases and retirement of long-term
debt.  In addition, interest capitalized decreased 48.0 percent, $47 million,
as a result of the decrease in the average balance during the year of purchase
deposits for flight equipment and the decline in interest rates.

      Miscellaneous - net for 1993 includes a $125 million charge related to
the retirement of certain DC-10 aircraft.  Included in Miscellaneous - net for
1992 is a $14 million provision for a cash payment representing American's
share of a multi-carrier antitrust settlement and an $11 million charge
associated with the retirement of an aircraft fleet of one of the AMR Eagle
carriers.





                                       19
<PAGE>   21
THE SABRE GROUP
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
 (dollars in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                       ------------------------------------------------
                                                                        1994                 1993                 1992
                                                                       ------               ------               ------
 <S>                                                                   <C>                  <C>                  <C>
 REVENUES                                                              $1,542               $1,370               $1,271

 EXPENSES
 Wages, salaries and benefits                                             488                  435                  387
 Depreciation and amortization                                            183                  175                  170
 Rentals                                                                   59                   51                   56
 Other operating expenses                                                 439                  441                  402
 Restructuring costs                                                        6                    -                    -
                                                                       ------               ------               ------
   Total operating expenses                                             1,175                1,102                1,015
                                                                       ------               ------               ------
 OPERATING INCOME                                                         367                  268                  256
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)                                                   (25)                 (84)                (173)
                                                                       ------               ------               ------

 INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES,
  EXTRAORDINARY LOSS AND CUMULATIVE
  EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGES                                         $  342               $  184               $   83
                                                                       ======               ======               ======
 Average number of equivalent employees                                12,300               11,100               10,700
</TABLE>

REVENUES

1994 COMPARED TO 1993   Revenues for The SABRE Group increased 12.6 percent,
$172 million.  Booking fee revenues increased due to growth in booking volumes,
increased average fees per booking collected from participating vendors and the
introduction of premium-priced products.  Other revenues rose as a result of
increased license fee revenues and systems development sales.

1993 COMPARED TO 1992   Revenues for The SABRE Group increased 7.8 percent, $99
million, primarily due to increased booking fees resulting from growth in
booking volumes and average fees collected from participating vendors.

EXPENSES

1994 COMPARED TO 1993   Wages, salaries and benefits increased 12.2 percent,
$53 million, due primarily increased incentive compensation and a 10.8 percent
increase in the average number of equivalent employees.  Depreciation and
amortization increased 4.6 percent, $8 million, as a result of acquiring new
computer equipment.  Rentals increased 15.7 percent, $8 million, due to
additional leased data processing equipment and facilities costs.  The SABRE
Group's 1994 operating expenses also include $6 million in costs associated
with restructuring activities.

1993 COMPARED TO 1992   Wages, salaries and benefits increased 12.4 percent,
$48 million, due to wage and salary increases, a 3.8 percent increase in the
average number of equivalent employees and a $12 million severance provision
for workforce reductions associated with the formation of SABRE Decision
Technologies.  Other operating expenses increased 9.7 percent, $39 million, due
to higher incentive payments to travel agents, outsourcing services related to
product line expansion and costs associated with international expansion.

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)

Other Income (Expense) for 1993 and 1992 includes provisions of $71 million and
$165 million, respectively, for losses associated with a reservations system
project and resolution of related litigation.





                                       20
<PAGE>   22
AMR MANAGEMENT SERVICES GROUP
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
 (dollars in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                       ------------------------------------------------
                                                                        1994                 1993                 1992
                                                                       ------               ------               ------
 <S>                                                                   <C>                  <C>                  <C>
 REVENUES                                                              $  535               $  452               $  336

 EXPENSES
   Wages, salaries and benefits                                           163                  109                   88
   Aircraft rentals                                                        58                   82                   44
   Depreciation and amortization                                           49                   43                   33
   Other operating expenses                                               212                  170                  142
                                                                       ------               ------               ------
 Total operating expenses                                                 482                  404                  307
                                                                       ------               ------               ------
 OPERATING INCOME                                                          53                   48                   29

 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)                                                   (18)                 (31)                 (22)
                                                                       ------               ------               ------

 INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES,
   EXTRAORDINARY LOSS AND CUMULATIVE
   EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGES                                        $   35               $   17               $    7
                                                                       ======               ======               ======
 Average number of equivalent employees                                 7,200                5,800                4,200
</TABLE>

REVENUES

1994 COMPARED TO 1993   Revenues for the AMR Management Services Group
increased 18.4 percent, $83 million.  AMR Services' revenues increased 17.3
percent, $49 million, primarily as a result of strong domestic fuel and deicing
service sales, the acquisition of an additional domestic fixed-base operator in
November 1993 and the expansion of international operations.  AMR Leasing's
revenues decreased 12.9 percent, $18 million, due to the expiration of
operating leases on 19 Jetstream 32 aircraft, partially offset by the addition
of 13 Super ATR aircraft in AMR Leasing's regional aircraft fleet.  Revenues of
the AMR Training and Consulting Group, which began operations in the first
quarter of 1993, increased $29 million.  Revenues of Americas Ground Services,
which began operations in the second quarter of 1993, increased $17 million.

1993 COMPARED TO 1992   Revenues for the AMR Management Services Group
increased 34.5 percent, $116 million.  AMR Services' revenues increased 15.2
percent, $37 million, primarily as a result of strong domestic fuel and deicing
sales, expansion of European operations and the acquisition of an additional
domestic fixed-base operator in November.  AMR Leasing's revenues increased
73.2 percent, $59 million, with additional turboprop aircraft under rental to
subsidiaries of AMR Eagle.  In addition, Americas Ground Services ended 1993,
its first year, with more than $10 million in revenues.

EXPENSES

1994 COMPARED TO 1993   Wages, salaries and benefits increased 49.5 percent,
$54 million, due primarily to an increase in the average number of equivalent
employees and wage and salary adjustments for existing employess.  Aircraft
rentals decreased 29.3 percent, $24 million, and depreciation and amortization
increased 14.0 percent, $6 million, with the decline in operating leased
aircraft and the increase in owned aircraft in AMR Leasing's turboprop fleet,
respectively.  Other operating expenses increased 24.7 percent, $42 million,
due primarily to the expansion of AMR Services, AMR Training & Consulting Group
and Americas Ground Services.

1993 COMPARED TO 1992   Wages, salaries and benefits increased 23.9 percent,
$21 million, due primarily to a 37.5 percent increase in the average number of
equivalent employees.  Aircraft rentals increased 86.4 percent, $38 million,
and depreciation and amortization increased 30.3 percent, $10 million, with
additional operating-leased and owned aircraft in AMR Leasing's turboprop
fleet.  Other operating expenses increased 19.7 percent, $28 million, due
primarily to the expansion of AMR Services and Americas Ground Services' first
year of operations.





                                       21
<PAGE>   23
INFLATION

Adjustment of historical cost data to reflect the impact of general inflation
and specific price changes would worsen AMR's operating results, principally
because of the increased depreciation and amortization resulting from the
replacement, at current cost, of equipment and property with assets that have
the same service potential.  However, because AMR's monetary liabilities exceed
monetary assets, the worsened operating results would be partially offset by
the gain from the decline in purchasing power of the net amounts owed.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Operating activities provided net cash of $1.7 billion in 1994, $1.4 billion in
1993 and $843 million in 1992.  Capital expenditures in 1994 totaled $1.3
billion, compared to $2.1 billion in 1993 and $3.3 billion in 1992.  In 1994,
the Company took delivery of 17 owned jet aircraft - three Boeing 757-200s, one
Boeing 767-300ER and 13 Fokker 100s.  The Company also took delivery of 17
turboprop aircraft - 14 Super ATRs and three Saab 340Bs.

CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

FIRM DELIVERIES   At December 31, 1994, AMR had 19 aircraft on order,
aggregating approximately $650 million, for delivery in 1995 and 1996.  The
Company had firm orders for ten Boeing 757-200s, four Boeing 767-300ERs and
five Super ATRs.

      In 1995, the Company is scheduled to take delivery of ten jet aircraft --
six Boeing 757-200s and four Boeing 767-300ERs -- as well as five Super ATR
turboprop aircraft.  Total expenditures for 1995 for aircraft acquisitions and
related equipment will be approximately $500 million.

OTHER   The Company also has authorized capital expenditures in 1995 of
approximately $225 million for aircraft modifications, computer equipment,
renovations of, and additions to, airport and office facilities and various
other equipment and assets.

      AMR intends to finance its capital asset acquisitions through the use of
internally generated funds.  At March 1, 1995, no borrowings were outstanding
under American's credit facilities and approximately $1.16 billion was
available under the facilities.

      AMR continually reviews its need for additional aircraft and ground
properties and makes investments based on return-on-investment analyses and
both short-term and long-term profitability forecasts.  AMR has several ways to
adjust its plans, including terminating certain operating leases, scaling back
or canceling planned facility expansions and delaying other planned
expenditures.

AIRCRAFT OPTIONS   In addition to aircraft on firm order at December 31, 1994,
American has 97 jet aircraft available on option - nine Boeing 757-200s, three
Boeing 767-300ERs, ten McDonnell Douglas MD-11s and 75 Fokker 100s.  The
Company also has 94 turboprop aircraft available on option - 54 Super ATRs, 30
Saab 2000s and 10 ATR 42s.

OTHER INFORMATION

WORKING CAPITAL   AMR (principally American Airlines) historically operates
with a working capital deficit as do most other airline companies.  The
existence of such a deficit has not in the past impaired the Company's ability
to meet its obligations as they become due and is not expected to do so in the
future.

DEFERRED TAX ASSETS   As of December 31, 1994, the Company had deferred tax
assets aggregating approximately $2.5 billion, including approximately $348
million of alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards.  The Company believes
substantially all the deferred tax assets will be realized through reversal of
existing taxable temporary differences.





                                       22
<PAGE>   24
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS   Subsidiaries of AMR have been notified of potential
liability with regard to several environmental cleanup sites.  At sites where
remedial litigation has commenced, potential liability is joint and several.
AMR's alleged volumetric contributions at the sites are minimal.  AMR does not
expect these actions, individually or collectively, to have a material impact
on its financial condition, operating results or cash flows.

DISCOUNT RATE   Due to the increase in interest rates during 1994, the discount
rate used to determine the Company's pension obligations as of December 31,
1994 and the related expense for 1995 has been increased.  The Company expects
the decrease in 1995 pension expense as a result of the change in the discount
rate will be more than offset by the impact of depreciation in the market value
of pension plan assets experienced during 1994.

LITIGATION SETTLEMENT   During 1994, the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of Georgia approved the settlement of various class action claims
against American and certain other carriers.  Under the terms of the settlement
agreement, the carriers paid a total of approximately $50 million in cash and
jointly issued approximately $408 million in face amount of certificates for
discounts of approximately 10 percent on future air travel on any of the
carriers.  A liability has not been established for the certificate portion of
the settlement since American expects that, in the aggregate, future revenues
received upon redemption of the certificates will exceed the related cost of
providing the air travel.  American anticipates that the share of the
certificates redeemed on American may represent, but is not limited to,
American's 26 percent market share among the carriers.  The ultimate impact of
the settlement on American's revenues, operating margins or earnings is not
reasonably estimable since both the portion of certificates to be redeemed on
American and the stimulative or depressive effect of the certificate redemption
on revenues is not known.





                                       23
<PAGE>   25
OUTLOOK FOR 1995

During 1994, AMR continued the course of change initiated in 1993.  Following a
comprehensive review of the competitive realities of its businesses, in 1993
the Company determined it would have to change significantly to generate
sufficient earnings.  The Company recognized that the fundamental problems of
the airline -- increasing competition from low-cost, low-fare carriers, its
inability to reduce labor costs to competitive levels and the changing values
of its customers -- demanded new solutions.  As an initial response to that
need, in 1993 the Company created and began implementing a new strategic
framework known as the Transition Plan.  The plan has three parts, each
intended to improve the Company's results.  First, make the core airline
business bigger and stronger where economically justified.  Second, and
conversely, shrink the airline where it cannot compete profitably.  Third,
encourage the growth of the information and management services businesses,
which are more profitable than the airline.

      The Transition Plan recognizes the unfavorable and uncertain economics
which have characterized the core airline business in recent years,
acknowledges the airline cost problem and seeks to maximize the contribution of
the Company's more profitable businesses.  Over the long term, the Company will
continue its best efforts to reduce airline costs and to restore the airline
operations to profitability.  Based upon the success or failure of those
efforts, the Company will make ongoing determinations as to the appropriate
level of its investment in its airline operations, which may result, if the
airline cannot be run profitably, in the disposition or termination, over the
long term, of a substantial part or all of the airline operations.

AIR TRANSPORTATION GROUP   Despite the challenges faced by American, the
airline has many basic strengths.  These include a hub-and-spoke route network
that allows it to efficiently serve thousands of domestic and international
markets; a modern, quiet, fuel-efficient fleet; the AAdvantage frequent flyer
program; and leading-edge computer technology, including the industry's premier
yield management system.

      These strengths and American's continued focus on premium-fare traffic
have helped to lessen the impact of an adverse pricing environment.  While
competitive pressures have continued to weaken passenger yields, robust
economic conditions and careful revenue management have led to increases in
American's passenger revenue per ASM.  During 1995, American will add to the
number of flights at its most successful hub operations at Dallas/Fort Worth
and Miami, as well as in certain transcontinental and international markets.

      As restructuring programs announced in late 1994 are phased in, American
will make substantial progress in reducing certain labor costs.  Changes in the
way American operates its airports and reservations offices, including
outsourcing small station operations and some reservations activities and in
the way it pays hourly non-management employees such as ticket agents and
reservations agents, are expected to save about $35 million in 1995 and about
$130 million annually when steady state is achieved in four to five years.

      In addition, in March 1995 the Company announced the results of a
six-month study of the Air Transportation Group's administrative functions.
The Company expects to implement changes based on the results of the study
which will result in cost savings of approximately $38 million in 1995.  Once
the changes are fully implemented in 1996, they are expected to reduce annual
administrative costs by approximately $93 million.  Also as a result of the
study, the Company announced certain organizational changes which are expected
to yield additional cost savings.

      Despite ongoing efforts, the airline has yet to make significant progress
in reducing its contractual labor costs.  American is currently in various
stages of discussion with all three of its major unions.  The ultimate outcome
of these discussions cannot be estimated at this time.

      First, the Company's contract with the Association of Professional Flight
Attendants (APFA) became amendable in December 1992.  Following a lengthy
negotiation and mediation process, the APFA staged a five-day strike against
the Company in November 1993.  The strike ended when both parties agreed to
binding arbitration.  The arbitration process began last October, and the
arbitrators' decision is expected sometime during late summer.  While the
outcome cannot be predicted, the new contract will likely result in higher unit
labor costs in 1995 than in 1994.





                                       24
<PAGE>   26
      Second, American has been in negotiations since last July with the Allied
Pilots Association (APA) which represents its 9,100 pilots.  The contract with
the APA became amendable August 31, 1994.  In exchange for substantial
productivity improvements, American has offered both job and income protection.
To date, little progress has been made, and it is not clear when -- or if --
American will be successful in achieving the needed changes.

      Finally, American's contract with the Transport Workers Union (TWU),
which represents its ramp service workers and mechanics, became amendable March
1, 1995.  The Company and the TWU opened formal negotiations in February.
American is discussing both enhanced job security and early-retirement programs
in exchange for a fundamentally revised agreement that will give it the right
to outsource certain functions, use more part-time employees and implement
other efficiency improvements.

      Faced with the prospect of continuing to bear uncompetitive labor costs,
American has continued to downsize, primarily in domestic markets.  Since the
initial phases of the Transition Plan were implemented in 1993, American has
cut jet service to about 30 cities and on over 100 routes.  Approximately 90
older, less efficient jet aircraft have been removed from the fleet, and, as a
result, approximately 5,000 positions at the airline have been eliminated.  In
1995, American plans to remove another 23 Boeing 727 and three McDonnell
Douglas DC-10 aircraft from the fleet.  American will add six Boeing 757 and
four Boeing 767 aircraft to the fleet, as the last delivery from the large jet
orders of the 1980s approaches.  These changes will reduce the number of jet
aircraft in the fleet to 633 at the end of 1995, down from 647 at December 31,
1994 and 667 at December 31, 1993.

      As the fleet continues to shrink, American will continue to reallocate
assets to its most profitable markets and to refine its operations.  Despite
continued fleet reductions, American's system wide capacity is planned to
increase slightly, primarily due to increased aircraft utilization.  This
capacity increase follows a 5.1 percent decline in 1994.  Domestic ASMs are
expected to fall 1.1 percent, while international ASMs will increase 5.4
percent.

      The American Eagle carriers' results in early 1995 will continue to be
affected by the FAA's temporary restrictions on the operation of ATR aircraft.
In December 1994, the American Eagle carriers ceased operations at
Raleigh/Durham and redeployed their fleets to move the ATR aircraft to the
south, and Saab aircraft to the north, to lessen the impact of the restrictions
on their operations.  As the aircraft are returned to their original locations,
the carriers expect operations to improve during the second quarter and return
to normal by the third quarter.

      In January 1995, American announced a substantial reduction at
Raleigh/Durham that will end its hub operations there by summer.  At the same
time, the Company announced an agreement to sublease 12 gates to Midway
Airlines, which joined the AAdvantage frequent flyer program as a full
participant.  As a result, American will eliminate a substantial amount of
overhead while maintaining a marketing presence in the North/South traffic
flow.  Midway's service at Raleigh/Durham will complement American's service in
markets between the Northeast and Florida.  American also announced a
significant reduction in flights at the Nashville hub for 1995.

      In February 1995, American changed its travel agent commission structure
for domestic tickets by introducing a maximum commission payment of $50 per
round-trip ticket and $25 per one-way ticket.  The change is effective for
tickets issued on or after February 27.  The commission cap applies to all
tickets issued by U.S. travel agents for travel within the continental United
States, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  The change in
commission structure is expected to result in lower commissions expense in
1995.

      American's revenue plan for 1995 reflects continued emphasis on producing
premium yields by attracting more full fare passengers than its competitors.
As a part of that plan, American will expand service at its most successful
hubs, increase frequencies in key long-haul business markets and add service in
certain international markets.





                                       25
<PAGE>   27
      In 1995, though the Air Transportation Group will continue its rigorous
program of cost control, it expects unit costs, excluding fuel and the impact
of the change in the commission structure, to rise modestly over 1994's unit
costs, excluding the restructuring costs.  The increase in unit labor costs due
to contractual wage and benefit increases will be partially offset by the
savings generated by the implementation of other labor cost reduction
initiatives.

      American will continue to pursue other sources of revenue, including
building AAdvantage program participation and joint marketing programs, leasing
excess aircraft, and pursuing contracts to provide maintenance, training and
other services.  The Company will also seek to increase airline cargo revenues
in 1995.

      In August 1993, the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act was signed into
law, imposing a new 4.3 cents per gallon tax on commercial aviation jet fuel
for use in domestic operations.  The new tax will become effective October 1,
1995, and is scheduled to continue until October 1, 1998.  American estimates
the resulting annual increase in fuel taxes will be approximately $90 million.

      Since the Company cannot currently generate sufficient returns to justify
investment in new aircraft, capital expenditures will continue to fall.  For
1995, the Company plans capital spending of approximately $1 billion, and by
1996 planned capital spending for The SABRE Group will be approximately equal
to planned spending for the airline, each at about $300 million.  As a result
of the decreased capital spending, the Company expects to generate positive
cash flow in 1995.

      The Company began a program in the second half of 1993 to reduce interest
expense and intends to continue the program in 1995.  This may involve the
retirement or refinancing of debt as well as the repurchase, in the open market
or otherwise, of a significant amount of debt in excess of scheduled 1995
repayments.  The total amount of debt retired, refinanced or repurchased will
depend on market conditions, the Company's cash position and other
considerations.

THE SABRE GROUP   During 1994, The SABRE Group implemented a new business
strategy that will narrow its focus and capitalize on its strengths in travel
and transportation information systems and decision support.

      Following STIN's expansion in Europe, Latin America and Mexico and the
introduction of SABRE into India in 1994, The SABRE Group will focus on
continued international growth of the SABRE computer reservations system in
1995.  In addition, SDT will continue to develop and market an expanding array
of information systems products and services to a growing list of customers
throughout the world.

      The SABRE Group was instrumental in successfully implementing the
Company's long-term services agreement with Canadian Airlines International.
That agreement is expected to generate average revenues for the Company of more
than $100 million a year in each of the next 20 years, beginning in 1995.  The
majority of the revenues relate to services provided by The SABRE Group.

AMR MANAGEMENT SERVICES GROUP   AMR Management Services Group's dramatic
revenue growth over the past several years will slow, reflecting the impact of
discontinued businesses at AMR Services and fewer regional aircraft additions
at AMR Leasing, partially offset by the addition of revenues from Airline
Management Services and stronger revenues for AMR Training & Consulting Group.

      Effective January 1, 1995, two business units which have been included in
The SABRE Group for financial reporting purposes in 1993 and 1994 --
TeleService Resources and Data Management Services -- became part of the AMR
Management Services Group.





                                       26
<PAGE>   28
ITEM 8.      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            Page
                                                                                            ----
 <S>                                                                                         <C>
 Report of Independent Auditors                                                              28

 Consolidated Statement of Operations                                                        29

 Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                  31

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                        33

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity                                              34

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                  35

</TABLE>




                                       27
<PAGE>   29





REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
AMR Corporation


      We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AMR
Corporation as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1994.  Our audits also included
the financial statement schedules listed in the index at Item 14(a).  These
financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and schedules based on our audits.

      We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

      In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of AMR
Corporation at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when
considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.

      As discussed in Notes 7 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements,
effective January 1, 1992, the Company changed its method of accounting for
income taxes and postretirement benefits other than pensions.




                                        ERNST & YOUNG LLP


2121 San Jacinto
Dallas, Texas  75201
February 13, 1995





                                       28
<PAGE>   30
AMR CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
 (in millions, except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                      -------------------------------------------------
                                                                        1994                 1993                 1992
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
<S>                                                                   <C>                  <C>                  <C>
REVENUES
 Air Transportation Group:
   Passenger        - American Airlines, Inc.                         $12,826              $12,900              $11,895
                    - AMR Eagle, Inc.                                     790                  711                  495
   Cargo                                                                  657                  643                  581
   Other                                                                  622                  531                  503
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
                                                                       14,895               14,785               13,474


 The SABRE Group                                                        1,542                1,370                1,271
 AMR Management Services Group                                            535                  452                  336
 Less:  Intergroup revenues                                              (835)                (791)                (685)
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
   Total operating revenues                                            16,137               15,816               14,396
                                                                      -------              -------              -------

EXPENSES
 Wages, salaries and benefits                                           5,574                5,381                5,067
 Aircraft fuel                                                          1,614                1,875                1,908
 Commissions to agents                                                  1,335                1,448                1,301
 Depreciation and amortization                                          1,253                1,223                1,041
 Other rentals and landing fees                                           853                  851                  820
 Aircraft rentals                                                         695                  743                  698
 Food service                                                             670                  700                  695
 Maintenance materials and repairs                                        577                  664                  688
 Other operating expenses                                               2,282                2,241                2,203
 Restructuring costs                                                      278                    -                    -
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
   Total operating expenses                                            15,131               15,126               14,421
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)                                                 1,006                  690                  (25)

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
 Interest income                                                           46                   60                   99
 Interest expense                                                        (637)                (668)                (651)
 Interest capitalized                                                      22                   51                  101
 Miscellaneous - net                                                      (67)                (246)                (221)
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
                                                                         (636)                (803)                (672)
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
EARNINGS (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES, EXTRAORDINARY LOSS AND
 CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGES                                  370                 (113)                (697)
Income tax provision (benefit)                                            142                  (17)                (222)
                                                                      -------              -------              -------

EARNINGS (LOSS) BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY LOSS AND                                  
   CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGES                                228                  (96)                (475)
EXTRAORDINARY LOSS, NET OF TAX BENEFIT                                      -                  (14)                   -
CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGES:
 Postretirement benefits other than
  pensions, net of tax benefit                                              -                    -                 (595)
 Income taxes                                                               -                    -                  135
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
NET EARNINGS (LOSS)                                                   $   228              $  (110)             $  (935)
                                                                      =======              =======              =======
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Continued on next page.





                                       29
<PAGE>   31
AMR CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)
 (in millions, except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                      -------------------------------------------------
                                                                       1994                  1993                 1992
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
<S>                                                                   <C>                  <C>                  <C>
 NET EARNINGS (LOSS)                                                  $   228              $  (110)             $  (935)
 Preferred stock dividends                                                (56)                 (60)                   -
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
                                                                          172                 (170)                (935)
 Increase in additional paid-in capital from preferred
 stock exchange                                                           171                    -                    -
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
 EARNINGS (LOSS) APPLICABLE TO COMMON SHARES                          $   343              $  (170)             $  (935)
                                                                      =======              =======              =======

                                                                                                          
EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE (PRIMARY AND
 FULLY DILUTED):
 Before effect of preferred stock exchange, extraordinary
 loss, and cumulative effect of accounting changes
                                                                      $  2.26              $ (2.05)             $ (6.35)
 Effect of preferred stock exchange                                      2.25                    -                    -
 Extraordinary loss                                                         -                (0.18)                   -
 Cumulative effect of accounting changes                                    -                    -                (6.14)
                                                                      -------              -------              -------
 Net earnings (loss)                                                  $  4.51              $ (2.23)             $(12.49)
                                                                      =======              =======              =======
</TABLE>
-----------------------------------------

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.





                                       30
<PAGE>   32
AMR CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
 (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                     ---------------------------------
                                                                                         1994                 1993
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
<S>                                                                                  <C>                   <C>
 ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS
 Cash                                                                                $         23          $        63
 Short-term investments                                                                       754                  523
 Receivables, less allowance for uncollectible
  accounts (1994 - $26; 1993 - $33)                                                         1,206                  910
 Inventories, less allowance for obsolescence
  (1994 - $179; 1993 - $168)                                                                  678                  688
 Deferred income taxes                                                                        325                  363
 Other current assets                                                                         132                  143
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
    Total current assets                                                                    3,118                2,690

EQUIPMENT AND PROPERTY
 Flight equipment, at cost                                                                 13,323               12,841
 Less accumulated depreciation                                                              3,435                3,058
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
                                                                                            9,888                9,783
 Purchase deposits for flight equipment                                                       116                  350
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
                                                                                           10,004               10,133

 Other equipment and property, at cost                                                      4,046                3,984
 Less accumulated depreciation                                                              2,030                1,856
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
                                                                                            2,016                2,128
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
                                                                                           12,020               12,261

EQUIPMENT AND PROPERTY UNDER CAPITAL LEASES
 Flight equipment                                                                           2,508                2,229
 Other equipment and property                                                                 268                  247
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
                                                                                            2,776                2,476
 Less accumulated amortization                                                                898                  760
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
                                                                                            1,878                1,716

OTHER ASSETS

 Route acquisition costs, less accumulated amortization
  (1994 - $124; 1993 - $95)                                                                 1,032                1,061
 Airport operating and gate lease rights,
  less accumulated amortization (1994 - $86; 1993 - $67)                                      382                  401
 Prepaid pension cost                                                                          99                  398
 Other                                                                                        957                  799
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
                                                                                            2,470                2,659
                                                                                     ------------          -----------
 TOTAL ASSETS                                                                        $     19,486          $    19,326
                                                                                     ============          ===========
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.





                                       31
<PAGE>   33
AMR CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
 (in millions, except shares and par value)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                    December 31,
                                                                                           ----------------------------
                                                                                            1994                 1993
                                                                                           -------              -------
<S>                                                                                        <C>                  <C>
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                                                                  
  Accounts payable                                                                         $   920              $   921
  Accrued salaries and wages                                                                   619                  507
   Accrued liabilities                                                                       1,184                1,219
   Air traffic liability                                                                     1,473                1,460
   Current maturities of long-term debt                                                        590                  200
   Current obligations under capital leases                                                    128                  110
                                                                                           -------              -------
     Total current liabilities                                                               4,914                4,417

LONG-TERM DEBT, LESS CURRENT MATURITIES                                                      5,603                5,431

OBLIGATIONS UNDER CAPITAL LEASES,
 LESS CURRENT OBLIGATIONS                                                                    2,275                2,123

   OTHER LIABILITIES AND CREDITS
   Deferred income taxes                                                                       279                  310
   Deferred gains                                                                              733                  786
   Postretirement benefits                                                                   1,254                1,090
   Other liabilities and deferred credits                                                    1,048                  893
                                                                                           -------              -------
                                                                                             3,314                3,079

COMMITMENTS, LEASES AND CONTINGENCIES


   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
    Convertible preferred stock:                                           
     20,000,000 shares authorized,                                         
     shares issued and outstanding:  1994 - 159,000; 1993 - 2,200,000                           78                1,081
    Common stock - $1 par value; shares authorized:                        
     150,000,000; shares issued and outstanding:                           
     1994 - 75,900,000; 1993 - 75,800,000                                                       76                   76
    Additional paid-in capital                                                               2,212                2,035
    Minimum pension liability adjustment                                                      (199)                   -
    Retained earnings                                                                        1,213                1,084
                                                                                           -------              -------
                                                                                             3,380                4,276
                                                                                           -------              -------

 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                                $19,486              $19,326
                                                                                           =======              =======
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.





                                       32
<PAGE>   34
AMR CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 (in millions)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                          1994                  1993                  1992
                                                                        -------               -------               -------
<S>                                                                     <C>                   <C>                   <C>
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
 Net earnings (loss)                                                    $   228               $  (110)              $  (935)
 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss)
  to net cash provided by operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization                                           1,253                 1,223                 1,041
  Deferred income taxes                                                     145                   (30)                 (101)
  Provision for restructuring costs                                         278                     -                     -
  Provisions for losses                                                      25                   196                   165
  Cumulative effect of accounting changes                                     -                     -                   460
  Change in assets and liabilities:
   Decrease (increase) in receivables                                      (135)                   37                  (144)
   Increase in inventories                                                  (19)                  (27)                  (85)
   Increase (decrease) in accounts payable      
    and accrued liabilities                                                (216)                   34                   (17)
   Increase (decrease) in air traffic liability                              13                   (64)                  366
  Other, net                                                                 37                   118                    93
                                                                        -------               -------               -------
    Net cash provided by operating activities                             1,609                 1,377                   843

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 Capital expenditures                                                    (1,114)               (2,080)               (3,299)
 Net decrease (increase) in short-term investments                         (239)                  290                   342
 Investment in Canadian Airlines International, Ltd.                       (177)                    -                     -
 Other, net                                                                  67                    36                     3
                                                                        -------               -------               -------
   Net cash used for investing activities                                (1,463)               (1,754)               (2,954)

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Proceeds from:
  Issuance of long-term debt                                                146                   730                 1,787
  Sale-leaseback transactions                                               280                     -                   610
  Issuance of convertible preferred stock                                     -                 1,081                     -
  Issuance of common stock                                                    -                     -                   454
 Net short-term borrowings (repayments)
  with maturities of 90 days or less                                          -                  (351)                   18
 Other short-term borrowings                                                200                     -                   104
 Payments on other short-term borrowings                                   (200)                  (29)                 (153)
 Payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations                  (549)               (1,069)                 (779)
 Payment of preferred stock dividends                                       (66)                  (49)                    -
 Other, net                                                                   3                    82                    21
                                                                        -------               -------               -------
   Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities                    (186)                  395                 2,062
                                                                        -------               -------               -------
 Net increase (decrease) in cash                                            (40)                   18                   (49)
 Cash at beginning of year                                                   63                    45                    94
                                                                        -------               -------               -------

 Cash at end of year                                                    $    23               $    63               $    45
                                                                        =======               =======               =======
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.





                                       33
<PAGE>   35
AMR CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 (in millions, except shares and per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   Minimum
                                                                 Additional        Pension
                                   Preferred        Common         Paid-in        Liability        Retained
                                     Stock          Stock          Capital       Adjustment        Earnings         Total
                                  ---------        -------      ----------       ----------        --------        --------
<S>                               <C>              <C>          <C>              <C>               <C>             <C>
Balance at January 1, 1992        $       -        $    68      $    1,545       $         -       $  2,181        $  3,794
 Net loss                                 -              -               -                 -           (935)           (935)
 Sale of 6,500,000 shares                 -              6             448                 -                            454
Issuance of 556,952 shares                                                                                     
 pursuant to stock option,
 deferred stock and restricted
 stock incentive plans                    -              1              24                 -              -              25
Other                                     -              -               1                 -             10              11
                                  ---------        -------      ----------       -----------       --------        --------

                                                                                                               
Balance at December 31, 1992              -             75           2,018                 -          1,256           3,349
Net loss                                  -              -               -                 -           (110)           (110)
Sale of 2,200,000 shares              1,081              -               -                 -                          1,081
Preferred stock dividends                                                                                      
 ($27.27 per share)                       -              -               -                 -            (60)            (60)
Issuance of 339,506 shares                                                                                     
 pursuant to stock option,
 deferred stock and restricted
 stock incentive plans                    -              1              17                 -              -              18
Other                                     -              -               -                 -             (2)             (2)
                                  ---------        -------      ----------       -----------       --------        --------
                                                                                                                           
Balance at December 31, 1993          1,081             76           2,035                            1,084           4,276
Net earnings                              -              -               -                 -            228             228
Exchange of convertible                                                                                        
 debentures for 2,041,000
 preferred shares                    (1,003)             -             171                 -              -            (832)
Preferred stock dividends                                                                                      
 ($27.27 per share)                       -              -               -                 -            (56)            (56)
Issuance of 127,694 shares                                                                                     
 pursuant to stock option,
 deferred stock and restricted
 stock incentive plans                    -              -               6                 -              -               6
Adjustment for minimum pension               
 liability, net of tax benefit
 of $120                                  -              -               -              (199)             -            (199)
Other                                     -              -               -                 -            (43)            (43)
                                  ---------        -------      ----------       -----------       --------        --------
Balance at December 31, 1994      $      78        $    76      $    2,212       $      (199)      $  1,213        $  3,380
                                  =========        =======      ==========       ===========       ========        ========
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.





                                       34
<PAGE>   36
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION   The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of AMR Corporation (AMR or the Company) and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated.
Certain amounts from prior years have been reclassified to conform with the
1994 presentation.

INVENTORIES   Spare parts, materials and supplies relating to flight equipment
are carried at average cost and are expensed when used in operations.
Allowances for obsolescence are provided, over the estimated useful life of the
related aircraft and engines, for spare parts expected to be on hand at the
date aircraft are retired from service.

EQUIPMENT AND PROPERTY   The provision for depreciation of operating equipment
and property is computed on the straight-line method applied to each unit of
property, except that spare assemblies are depreciated on a group basis.  The
depreciable lives and residual values used for the principal depreciable asset
classifications are:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      Residual
                                                                  Depreciable Life                     Value
                                                            -----------------------------           ----------
     <S>                                                    <C>                                       <C>
     Boeing 727-200                                         21 years(1)                               5%
     DC-10-10 and DC-10-30                                  December 31, 1999(2)                      5%
     Other jet aircraft                                     20 years                                  5%
     Regional aircraft and engines                          15-17 years                               10%
     Major rotable parts, avionics and assemblies           Life of equipment to which                 
                                                             applicable                               10%
     Improvements to leased flight equipment                Term of lease                             None
     Buildings and improvements (principally on             10-30 years or term of lease              None
     leased land)
     Other equipment                                        3-20 years                                None
</TABLE>

   (1)   In 1991, American changed the estimated useful lives of its Boeing
         727-200 aircraft and engines from a common retirement date of December
         31, 1994, to projected retirement dates by aircraft, which results in
         an average depreciable life of approximately 21 years.
   (2)   Approximate common retirement date.

      Equipment and property under capital leases are amortized over the term
of the leases and such amortization is included in depreciation and
amortization.  Lease terms vary but are generally 10 to 20 years for aircraft
and 7 to 40 years for other leased equipment and property.

MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR COSTS   Maintenance and repair costs for owned and
leased flight equipment are charged to operating expense as incurred, except
engine overhaul costs incurred by AMR's regional carriers, which are accrued on
the basis of hours flown.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS   The Company continually evaluates intangible assets to
determine whether current events and circumstances warrant adjustment of the
carrying values or amortization periods.

      Route acquisition costs and airport operating and gate lease rights
represent the purchase price attributable to route authorities, airport
take-off and landing slots and airport gate leasehold rights acquired and are
being amortized on a straight-line basis over 10 to 40 years.

PASSENGER REVENUES   Passenger ticket sales are initially recorded as a current
liability.  Revenue derived from the sale is recognized at the time
transportation is provided.

FREQUENT FLYER PROGRAM   The estimated incremental cost of providing free
travel awards is accrued when such award levels are reached.  American sells
mileage credits to participating companies in its frequent flyer program.  The
portion of such revenues that relates to transportation is deferred and
recognized over a period approximating the time transportation is provided.





                                       35
<PAGE>   37
1.    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

INCOME TAXES   AMR and its eligible subsidiaries file a consolidated federal
income tax return.  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of
temporary differences between the financial reporting carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities and the income tax amounts.

DEFERRED GAINS   Gains on the sale and leaseback of equipment and property are
deferred and amortized over the terms of the related leases as a reduction of
rent expense.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   Market value gains or losses on foreign
currency exchange agreements are recognized and offset against foreign exchange
gains or losses on the related existing assets or liabilities.  Gains and
losses on fuel swap agreements are recognized as a component of fuel expense
when the underlying fuel being hedged is used.  Net settlements under interest
rate swap agreements are reflected in interest expense on the accrual basis.

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   Short-term investments, without regard to remaining
maturity at acquisition, are not considered as cash equivalents for purposes of
the statement of cash flows.

EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE   Earnings (loss) per share computations are
based upon the earnings (loss) applicable to common shares and the average
number of shares of common stock outstanding and dilutive common stock
equivalents (stock options, warrants and deferred stock) outstanding.  The
convertible subordinated debentures and the convertible preferred stock are not
common stock equivalents.  The number of shares used in the computations of
primary and fully diluted earnings (loss) per common share for the years ended
December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, was 76.2 million, 76.0 million and 74.9
million, respectively.

      Information on the adjustment to the earnings per share computation for
the year ended December 31, 1994, for the effect of the preferred stock
exchange is included in Note 5.

2.    SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

      Short-term investments consisted of (in millions):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                                        ---------------------------------
                                                                                            1994                 1993
                                                                                        -----------          ------------
            <S>                                                                         <C>                  <C>     
            Overnight investments and time deposits                                     $       324          $          -
            Corporate notes                                                                     246                   222
            Federal and municipal government securities                                          35                   150
            Other debt securities                                                               149                   151
                                                                                        -----------          ------------
                                                                                        $       754          $        523
                                                                                        ===========          ============
</TABLE>

      Short-term investments at December 31, 1994, by contractual maturity
included (in millions):

<TABLE>
                   <S>                                                                         <C>
                   Due in one year or less                                                     $       498
                   Due after one year through three years                                              121
                   Due after three years                                                               135
                                                                                               -----------
                                                                                               $       754
                                                                                               ===========
</TABLE>
      All short-term investments were classified as available-for-sale and
stated at fair value.





                                       36
<PAGE>   38
3.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

      The Company has on order 14 jet aircraft -- ten Boeing 757-200s and four
Boeing 767-300ERs -- scheduled for delivery in 1995 and 1996, and five Super
ATR turboprop aircraft scheduled for delivery in 1995.  Deposits of $116
million have been made toward the purchase of these aircraft.  Future payments,
including estimated amounts for price escalation through anticipated delivery
dates for these aircraft and related equipment, will be approximately $500
million in 1995 and $150 million in 1996, a portion of which is payable in
foreign currencies.

      In addition to these commitments for aircraft, the Company has authorized
expenditures of approximately $350 million for aircraft modifications,
renovations of, and additions to, airport and office facilities and various
other equipment and assets.  AMR expects to spend approximately $225 million of
this amount in 1995.

      AMR and American have included an event risk covenant in approximately
$383 million of debentures and approximately $2.9 billion of lease agreements.
The covenant permits the holders of such instruments to receive a higher rate
of return (between 50 and 700 basis points above the stated rate) if a
designated event, as defined, should occur and the credit rating of the
debentures or the debt obligations underlying the lease agreements is
downgraded below certain levels.

      In July 1991, American entered into a five-year agreement whereby
American transfers, on a continuing basis and with recourse to the receivables,
an undivided interest in a designated pool of receivables.  Undivided interests
in new receivables are transferred daily as collections reduce previously
transferred receivables.  At December 31, 1994 and 1993, receivables are
presented net of approximately $112 million and $300 million, respectively, of
such transferred receivables.  American maintains an allowance for
uncollectible receivables based upon expected collectibility of all
receivables, including the receivables transferred.

      Special facility revenue bonds have been issued by certain
municipalities, primarily to purchase equipment and improve airport facilities
which are leased by American.  In certain cases, the bond issue proceeds were
loaned to American and are included in long-term debt.  Certain bonds have
rates that are periodically reset and are remarketed by various agents.  In
certain circumstances, American may be required to purchase up to $413 million
of the special facility revenue bonds prior to maturity, in which case American
has the right to resell the bonds or to use the bonds to offset its lease or
debt obligations.  American may borrow the purchase price of these bonds under
standby letter-of-credit agreements. At American's option, these letters of
credit are secured by funds held by bond trustees and by approximately $421
million of short-term investments.





                                       37
<PAGE>   39
4.    LEASES

      AMR's subsidiaries lease various types of equipment and property,
including aircraft, passenger terminals, equipment and various other
facilities.  The future minimum lease payments required under capital leases,
together with the present value of net minimum lease payments, and future
minimum lease payments required under operating leases that have initial or
remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31,
1994, were (in millions):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Capital              Operating
           Year Ending December 31,                                                       Leases               Leases
                                                                                       -----------          ------------
           <S>                                                                         <C>                  <C>
           1995                                                                        $       273          $        946
           1996                                                                                300                   924
           1997                                                                                280                   920
           1998                                                                                276                   931
           1999                                                                                270                   912
           2000 and subsequent                                                               2,440                15,378
                                                                                       -----------          ------------
                                                                                             3,839 (1)      $     20,011  (2)
                                                                                                            ============
           Less amount representing interest                                                 1,436
                                                                                       -----------          
           Present value of net minimum lease payments                                 $     2,403
                                                                                       ===========
</TABLE>

   (1)   Future minimum payments required under capital leases include $390
         million and $216 million guaranteed by AMR and American, respectively,
         relating to special facility revenue bonds issued by municipalities.
   (2)   Future minimum payments required under operating leases include $6.3
         billion guaranteed by AMR relating to special facility revenue bonds
         issued by municipalities.

      At December 31, 1994, the Company had 216 jet aircraft and 123 turboprop
aircraft under operating leases, and 82 jet aircraft and 63 turboprop aircraft
under capital leases.

      The aircraft leases can generally be renewed at rates based on fair
market value at the end of the lease term for one to five years.  Most aircraft
leases have purchase options at or near the end of the lease term at fair
market value, but generally not to exceed a stated percentage of the defined
lessor's cost of the aircraft.  Of the aircraft American has under operating
leases, 15 Boeing 767-300ERs are cancelable upon 30 days' notice during the
initial 10-year lease term.  At the end of that term in 1998, the leases can be
renewed for periods ranging from 10 to 12 years.

      Rent expense, excluding landing fees, was $1.3 billion for 1994, 1993 and
1992.





                                       38
<PAGE>   40
5.    INDEBTEDNESS

      Long-term debt (excluding amounts maturing within one year) consisted of
(in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               December 31,
                                                                                    ---------------------------------
                                                                                        1994                 1993
                                                                                    -----------          ------------
      <S>                                                                           <C>                  <C>
        6.075% - 10.70% notes due through 2025                                      $     2,531          $      2,846
        8.625% - 10.20% debentures due through 2021
         (net of unamortized discount of $10)                                             1,188                 1,308
        6.125% convertible subordinated debentures due 2024
         (net of unamortized discount of $189 at December 31, 1994)                         832                     -
        Variable rate indebtedness due through 2024
         (3.622% - 6.9375% at December 31, 1994)                                            681                   891
        7.10% - 9.25% bonds due through 2031                                                280                   280
        Other                                                                                91                   106
                                                                                    -----------          ------------
        Long-term debt, less current maturities                                     $     5,603          $      5,431
                                                                                    ===========          ============
</TABLE>

      Maturities of long-term debt (including sinking fund requirements) for
the next five years are:  1995 - $590 million; 1996 - $231 million; 1997 - $399
million; 1998 - $436 million; 1999 - $65 million.

      Certain debt is secured by aircraft, engines, equipment and other assets
having a net book value of approximately $1.6 billion.

      In November 1994, AMR issued $1.02 billion in par value of convertible
subordinated debentures in exchange for 2.04 million shares of its outstanding
convertible preferred stock with a carrying value of $1.0 billion.  Each $1,000
debenture is convertible into common stock of AMR at a conversion price of $79
per share, equivalent to 12.658 shares per $1,000 debenture.  As a result of
the exchange, the Company recorded a $171 million non-cash increase in
additional paid-in capital, representing the difference in the fair value of
the new debentures and the carrying value of the preferred shares exchanged.
While this amount did not impact net earnings for the year ended December 31,
1994, it is included in the computation of earnings per share.

      During 1993, AMR repurchased and retired prior to maturity its zero
coupon subordinated convertible notes due 2006 and certain other long-term debt
with a total carrying value of $802 million.  The repurchases and retirements
resulted in an extraordinary loss of $21 million ($14 million after tax).
Additional borrowings and cash from operations provided the funding for the
repurchases and retirements.

      American has a $410 million short-term credit facility agreement which
expires in 1995 and a $750 million credit facility expiring in 1997.  American
also had a $335 million multiple option facility which American terminated in
January 1995.  Interest on these agreements is calculated at floating rates
based upon the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR).  At February 13, 1995, no
borrowings were outstanding and approximately $1.16 billion was available under
these facilities.

      American's debt and credit facility agreements contain certain
restrictive covenants, including a cash flow coverage test, a minimum net worth
requirement and limitations on indebtedness and the declaration of dividends on
shares of its capital stock.  Certain of these restrictions could affect AMR's
ability to pay dividends.  At December 31, 1994, under the most restrictive
provisions of those agreements, approximately $629 million of American's
retained earnings were available for payment of cash dividends to AMR.

      Certain of AMR's debt agreements contain restrictive covenants, including
a limitation on the declaration of dividends on shares of capital stock.  At
December 31, 1994, under the terms of such agreements, all of AMR's retained
earnings were available for payment of dividends.





                                       39
<PAGE>   41
6.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT

      As part of the Company's risk management program, AMR uses a variety of
financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and currency
exchange agreements.  The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial
instruments for trading purposes.

      NOTIONAL AMOUNTS AND CREDIT EXPOSURES OF DERIVATIVES

      The notional amounts of derivative financial instruments summarized in
the tables which follow do not represent amounts exchanged between the parties
and, therefore, are not a measure of the Company's exposure resulting from its
use of derivatives.  The amounts exchanged are calculated based on the notional
amounts and other terms of the instruments, which relate to interest rates,
exchange rates or other indices.

      The Company is exposed to credit losses in the event of nonperformance by
counterparties to these financial instruments, but it does not expect any of
the counterparties to fail to meet its obligations.  The credit exposure
related to these financial instruments is represented by the fair value of
contracts with a positive fair value at the reporting date, reduced by the
effects of master netting agreements.  To manage credit risks, the Company
selects counterparties based on credit ratings, limits its exposure to a single
counterparty under defined guidelines, and monitors the market position of the
program and its relative market position with each counterparty.  The Company
also maintains industry-standard security agreements with the majority of its
counterparties which may require the Company or the counterparty to post
collateral in certain situations.  As of December 31, 1994, no collateral was
required under these agreements.

      INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT

      American enters into interest rate swap contracts to effectively convert
a portion of its fixed-rate obligations to floating-rate obligations.  Under
the contracts, American agrees with other parties to exchange, at specified
intervals, the difference between fixed-rate and floating-rate interest amounts
calculated on a notional principal amount.  Because American's operating
results tend to be better in economic cycles with relatively high interest
rates and its capital investments tend to be financed with long-term fixed-rate
instruments, interest rate swaps in which American pays the floating rate and
receives the fixed rate are used to reduce the impact of economic cycles on
American's net income.

      The following table indicates the notional amounts and fair values of the
Company's interest rate swap agreements (in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        December 31,
                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       1994                                     1993
                                         ------------------------------          ---------------------------------
                                           Notional                                 Notional
                                            Amount           Fair Value              Amount             Fair Value
                                         ------------       -----------          ------------         ------------
 <S>                                     <C>                <C>                  <C>                  <C>       
 Interest rate swap agreements           $     1,980        $      (174)         $      1,405         $         (6)
</TABLE>

      The fair values represent the amount the Company would have to pay to
terminate the agreements at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The rise
in interest rates during 1994 resulted in a decrease in the market value of the
Company's fixed-rate debt obligations in excess of the decrease in the value of
the interest rate swap agreements.

      At December 31, 1994, the weighted average remaining life of the interest
rate swap agreements in effect was 4.6 years.  The weighted average floating
rates and fixed rates on the contracts outstanding were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           December 31,
                                                                    ---------------------------
                                                                    1994                   1993
                                                                    ----                   ----
 <S>                                                                <C>                   <C>
 Average floating rate                                              5.720%                3.415%
 Average fixed rate                                                 5.207%                4.985%
</TABLE>





                                       40
<PAGE>   42
6.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      Floating rates are based primarily on LIBOR and may change significantly,
affecting future cash flows.  The net impact of the interest rate swap program
on interest expense was a decrease of $14 million and $6 million in 1994 and
1993, respectively.  The impact on the Company's weighted-average borrowing
rate for the periods presented is immaterial.

      FUEL PRICE RISK MANAGEMENT

      American enters into fuel swap contracts to protect against increases in
jet fuel prices.  Under the agreements, American receives or makes payments
based on the difference between a fixed price and a variable price for certain
fuel commodities.  At December 31, 1994, American had agreements with
broker-dealers to exchange payments on approximately 378 million gallons of
fuel products which represents approximately 14 percent of its expected 1995
fuel needs.  The Company does not expect the fuel price hedging program to have
a material effect on liquidity.  The fair value of the Company's fuel swap
agreements at December 31, 1994, representing the amount the Company would
receive to terminate the agreements, was immaterial.

      FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK MANAGEMENT

      To hedge against the risk of future currency exchange rate fluctuations
on certain debt and lease obligations and related interest payable in foreign
currencies, the Company has entered into various foreign currency exchange
agreements.  Changes in the value of the agreements due to exchange rate
fluctuations are offset by changes in the value of the foreign currency
denominated debt and lease obligations translated at the current rate.  The net
fair values of the Company's currency exchange agreements, representing the
amount AMR would receive to terminate the agreements, were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        December 31,
                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       1994                                     1993
                                         ------------------------------          ---------------------------------
                                           Notional                                 Notional
                                            Amount           Fair Value              Amount             Fair Value
                                         ------------       -----------          ------------         ------------
 <S>                                    <C>                 <C>                  <C>                  <C>       
 Swiss Francs                            195 million        $         54          285 million         $         34
 Japanese Yen                           25.6 billion                  41         20.3 billion                   18
</TABLE>

      The Swiss Franc agreement carries an exchange rate of 1.63 Francs per
U.S. dollar.  The exchange rates on the Japanese Yen agreements range from
66.50 to 137.26 Yen per U.S. dollar.

      At the present time, the Company has no significant unhedged exposure to
foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities.





                                       41
<PAGE>   43
6.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The fair values of the Company's long-term debt were estimated using
quoted market prices, where available.  For long-term debt not actively traded,
fair values were estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the
Company's current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing
arrangements.  The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company's long-term
debt, including current maturities, were (in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        December 31,
                                              ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          1994                                  1993
                                              ---------------------------           --------------------------
                                              Carrying             Fair             Carrying             Fair
                                               Value               Value              Value              Value
                                              -------              -----            --------             -----           
<S>                                            <C>                <C>                <C>                 <C>
6.075% - 10.70% notes                          $2,778             $2,692             $2,982              $3,263
8.625% - 10.20% debentures                      1,188              1,117              1,308               1,443
6.125% convertible subordinated
  debentures                                      832                826                  -                   -
Variable rate indebtedness                      1,005              1,005                907                 907
7.10% - 9.25% bonds                               280                342                280                 331
Other                                             110                 95                154                 145
                                               ------             ------             ------              ------           
                                               $6,193             $6,077             $5,631              $6,089
                                               ======             ======             ======              ======
</TABLE>


7.    INCOME TAXES

      The significant components of the income tax provision (benefit) were (in
millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                ------------------------------------------------
                                                                1994                 1993                   1992
                                                                ----                 ----                   ----
<S>                                                             <C>                   <C>                  <C>
 Current                                                        $  (3)                $  13                $(121)
 Deferred                                                         217                   268                  239
 Benefit of operating loss carryforwards                          (72)                 (298)                (340)
                                                                -----                 -----                -----               
                                                                $ 142                 $ (17)               $(222)
                                                                =====                 =====                =====                 



</TABLE>

      The income tax provision (benefit) includes a federal income tax
provision of $108 million for the year ended December 31, 1994, and a federal
income tax benefit of $30 million and $219 million for the years ended December
31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

      In addition, a deferred tax benefit of $120 million was recognized for
the adjustment to the minimum pension liability in the year ended December 31,
1994.

      Effective January 1, 1992, AMR adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," (FAS 109), changing its
method of accounting for income taxes.  As permitted under the new rules, prior
years' financial statements have not been restated to reflect the change in
accounting method.  The cumulative effect of adopting FAS 109 decreased the net
loss for the year ended December 31, 1992, by $135 million, or $1.81 per share.

      A deferred tax benefit of $322 million was recognized in the year ended
December 31, 1992, upon adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than
Pensions," (FAS 106).





                                       42
<PAGE>   44
7.    INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)

      The income tax provision (benefit) differed from amounts computed at the
statutory federal income tax rate as follows (in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                               ------------------------------------------------
                                                               1994                 1993                   1992
                                                               ----                 ----                   ----
<S>                                                             <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Statutory income tax provision (benefit)                        $130                $ (40)                $(237)
Meal expense                                                      21                    9                     8 
Rate difference on net operating loss carryback                  (16)                   -                     -    
State income tax provision (benefit), net                         15                    4                    (7)
Amortization                                                       7                    4                    16
Valuation allowance                                                3                   (2)                   17
Effect of rate change on deferred taxes                            -                    6                     - 
Foreign tax credit carryforwards                                   -                    2                   (17)
Other, net                                                       (18)                   -                    (2)
                                                                ----                -----                 -----
Income tax provision (benefit)                                  $142                $ (17)                $(222)
                                                                ====                =====                 ======              
</TABLE>


      The components of AMR's deferred tax assets and liabilities were (in
millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                   ----------------------------
                                                                                    1994                  1993
                                                                                   ------               -------             
<S>                                                                               <C>                   <C>
Deferred tax assets:                                                                        
 Postretirement benefits other than pensions                                      $   439               $   381
 Gains from lease transactions                                                        269                   292
 Alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards                                         348                   267
 Operating loss carryforwards                                                         719                   647
 Other                                                                                687                   680
 Valuation allowance                                                                  (18)                  (15)
                                                                                  -------               -------             
   Total deferred tax assets                                                        2,444                 2,252
                                                                                  -------               -------             
                                                                                                               
Deferred tax liabilities:                                                                        
 Accelerated depreciation and amortization                                         (2,191)               (1,834)
 Pensions                                                                              (5)                 (140)
 Other                                                                               (202)                 (225)
                                                                                  -------               -------             
  Total deferred tax liabilities                                                   (2,398)               (2,199)
                                                                                  -------               -------             
Net deferred tax asset                                                            $    46               $    53
                                                                                  =======               =======
</TABLE>

      At December 31, 1994, AMR had available for federal income tax purposes
approximately $348 million of alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards
available for an indefinite period, and approximately $2.1 billion of net
operating loss carryforwards for regular tax purposes which expire as follows:
2007 - $970 million, 2008 - $838 million, and 2009 - $247 million.





                                       43
<PAGE>   45
8.    PREFERRED STOCK AND COMMON STOCK RIGHTS

      In 1993, AMR issued 2.2 million shares of 6% Series A cumulative
convertible preferred stock, resulting in net proceeds of approximately $1.1
billion.  At the holder's option, each preferred share is convertible into
6.3492 shares of common stock at any time.  At the Company's option after
February 1, 1996, the preferred shares are redeemable at specified redemption
prices.  In 1994, AMR exchanged $1.02 billion in face value of newly issued
6.125% convertible subordinated debentures due 2024 for 2.04 million of the
preferred shares.  See Note 5 for a more detailed description of the
debentures.

      Each outstanding share of common stock has one preferred stock purchase
right which entitles stockholders to purchase 1/100th of a share of an
authorized series of preferred stock.  Generally, the rights will not be
exercisable until a party either acquires beneficial ownership of 10 percent of
AMR's common stock or makes a tender offer for at least 30 percent of its
common stock.  The rights, which expire in 1996, do not have voting rights and
may be redeemed by AMR at $0.05 per right at any time prior to the time that 10
percent or more of AMR's shares have been accumulated by a single acquirer or
group.  If AMR is acquired in a merger or business combination, each right has
an exercise price of $200 and can be used to purchase the common stock of the
surviving company having a market value of twice the exercise price of each
right.  As a result, the Board has reserved 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock
for possible conversion of these rights.

9.    STOCK AWARDS AND OPTIONS

      Under the 1988 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended in 1994, (1988 Plan),
officers and key employees of AMR and its subsidiaries may be granted stock
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, deferred stock, stock
purchase rights and/or other stock-based awards.  The total number of common
shares authorized for distribution under the 1988 Plan is 7,200,000 shares.  In
the event that additional shares of the Company's common stock are issued,
7.65% of such newly issued shares will be allocated to the 1988 Plan, provided
that the maximum number of shares which may be allocated to the 1988 Plan may
not exceed the total number of authorized shares as of December 31, 1987. The
1988 Plan will terminate no later than May 18, 1998.  Options granted are
exercisable at the market value of the stock upon grant, generally becoming
exercisable in equal annual installments over one to five years following the
date of grant and expiring 10 years from the date of grant.  Stock appreciation
rights may be granted in tandem with options awarded.  At December 31, 1994,
527,600 stock appreciation rights were outstanding.

      Stock option activity was:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                             ------------------------------------------------
                                                             1994                 1993                   1992
                                                             ----                 ----                   ----
<S>                                                       <C>                  <C>                  <C>
 Outstanding at January 1                                  2,107,950            1,991,100             2,217,975
 Granted                                                     409,400              448,500               140,500
 Exercised (1)                                               (41,600)            (208,910)             (281,435)
 Canceled (2)                                                (71,740)            (122,740)              (85,940)
                                                          ----------           ----------           -----------
 Outstanding at December 31                                2,404,010            2,107,950             1,991,100
                                                          ==========           ==========           ===========
</TABLE>

(1)  At prices ranging from $39.6875 to $64.1875 in 1994, $39.6875 to
     $65.75 in 1993, and $27.6875 to $68.25 in 1992.  

(2)  Includes 21,000 and 20,000 options canceled upon exercise of stock 
     appreciation rights for 1993 and 1992, respectively.

      The aggregate purchase price of outstanding options, number of
exercisable options outstanding and stock awards available for grant were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                             ------------------------------------------------
                                                             1994                 1993                   1992
                                                             ----                 ----                   ----
<S>                                                       <C>                  <C>                  <C>
 Aggregate purchase price (in millions)                   $      144           $      127           $       115
 Exercisable options outstanding                           1,282,790              963,450               806,020
 Stock awards available for grant                          3,239,948            1,229,781             1,933,294
</TABLE>




                                       44
<PAGE>   46
9.    STOCK AWARDS AND OPTIONS (CONTINUED)

      Shares of deferred stock are awarded at no cost to officers and key
employees under the 1988 Plan's Career Equity Program and will be issued upon
the individual's retirement from AMR or, in certain circumstances, will vest on
a pro rata basis.  Deferred stock activity was:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                             ------------------------------------------------
                                                             1994                 1993                   1992
                                                             ----                 ----                   ----
<S>                                                        <C>                  <C>                   <C>
 Outstanding at January 1                                  1,510,860            1,526,053             1,676,350
 Granted                                                      88,800              144,300               143,000
 Issued                                                      (56,625)             (84,321)             (239,217)
 Canceled                                                    (46,232)             (75,172)              (54,080)
                                                           ---------            ---------             ---------
 Outstanding at December 31                                1,496,803            1,510,860             1,526,053
                                                           =========            =========             =========
</TABLE>

      AMR has a restricted stock incentive plan, under which officers and key
employees were awarded shares of its common stock at no cost.  At December 31,
1993, all 250,000 shares authorized for issuance in connection with the plan
had been granted.  Vesting of the shares occurs generally over a five-year
period.

      A new performance share plan was implemented in 1993 under the terms of
which shares of deferred stock are awarded at no cost to officers and key
employees under the 1988 Plan.  The shares vest over a three-year performance
period based upon AMR's ratio of operating cash flow to adjusted total assets.
Performance share activity was:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                  -----------------------------
                                                                                   1994                 1993
                                                                                   ----                 ----
 <S>                                                                              <C>                    <C>
 Outstanding at January 1                                                         246,650                     -
 Granted                                                                          271,800               246,650
 Issued                                                                                 -                     -
 Canceled                                                                         (10,120)                    -
                                                                                  -------               -------
 Outstanding at December 31                                                       508,330               246,650
                                                                                  =======               =======
</TABLE>

      At December 31, 1994, 21.6 million shares of AMR's common stock were
reserved for the issuance of stock upon the conversion of convertible preferred
stock and convertible subordinated debentures, the exercise of options, and the
issuance of restricted stock and deferred stock.





                                       45
<PAGE>   47
10.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS

      Substantially all employees of American and employees of certain other
subsidiaries are eligible to participate in pension plans.  The defined benefit
plans provide benefits for participating employees based on years of service
and average compensation for a specified period of time before retirement.
Airline pilots and flight engineers also participate in defined contribution
plans for which Company contributions are determined as a percentage of
participant compensation.

      Total costs for all pension plans were (in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                             ------------------------------------------------
                                                             1994                 1993                   1992
                                                             ----                 ----                   ----
<S>                                                           <C>                 <C>                    <C>
Defined benefit plans:
 Service cost - benefits earned during the period             $  204              $   167                $  152
 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation                   292                  285                   268
 Loss (return) on assets                                         232                 (638)                 (229)
 Net amortization and deferral                                  (541)                 356                   (52)
                                                              ------              -------                ------
 Net periodic pension cost for defined            
  benefit plans                                                  187                  170                   139

Defined contribution plans                                       119                  118                   108
Early retirement programs(1)                                     154                    -                     -
                                                              ------              -------                ------
Total                                                         $  460              $   288                $  247
                                                              ======              =======                ======
</TABLE>

(1)   In late 1994, AMR offered early retirement programs to select groups
      of employees as part of its restructuring efforts.  In accordance with 
      FAS 88, AMR recognized additional pension expense of $154 million         
      associated with these programs.  Of this amount, $120 million was for
      special termination benefits and $34 million was for the actuarial loss
      resulting from the early retirements.





                                       46
<PAGE>   48
10.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)

      The funded status and actuarial present value of benefit obligations of
the defined benefit plans were (in millions):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     December 31,
                                        -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      1994                                    1993
                                        ---------------------------------        --------------------------------
                                         Plans with          Plans with          Plans with          Plans with
                                         Assets in          Accumulated           Assets in          Accumulated
                                         Excess of            Benefit             Excess of            Benefit
                                        Accumulated        Obligation in         Accumulated        Obligation in
                                          Benefit            Excess of             Benefit            Excess of
                                         Obligation            Assets            Obligation            Assets
                                        -----------        -------------         -----------        -------------
<S>                                         <C>                 <C>                 <C>                   <C>
Vested benefit obligation                   $1,063              $2,118              $3,100                $  42
                                            ======              ======              ======                =====
Accumulated benefit obligation              $1,113              $2,175              $3,239                $  44
Effect of projected future
 salary increases                              251                 308                 703                   18
                                            ------              ------              ------                -----
Projected benefit obligation                 1,364               2,483               3,942                   62
                                            ------              ------              ------                -----
Plan assets at fair value                    1,161               2,144               3,542                    8 
Plan assets less than projected
 benefit obligation                           (203)               (339)               (400)                 (54)
 Unrecognized net loss                         223                 719                 946                   22
Unrecognized prior service cost
 (benefit)                                      47                 (46)                (42)                   7
 Unrecognized transition asset                 (14)                (44)                (69)                  (1)
Adjustment to record minimum
 pension liability                               -                (329)                  -                  (11)
                                            ------              ------              ------                -----
Prepaid (accrued) pension cost(1)           $   53              $  (39)             $  435                $ (37)
                                            ======              ======              ======                =====
</TABLE>

   (1)   AMR's funding policy is to make contributions equal to, or in excess
         of, the minimum funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income
         Security Act of 1974.

      Plan assets consist primarily of government and corporate debt
securities, marketable equity securities, and money market and mutual fund
shares, of which approximately $141 million and $99 million of plan assets at
December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively, were invested in shares of mutual
funds managed by a subsidiary of AMR.

      The projected benefit obligation was calculated using weighted average
discount rates of 8.75%, 7.50% and 9.00% at December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively; rates of increase for compensation of 4.40% at December 31, 1994
and 1993, and 4.90% at December 31, 1992; and the 1983 Group Annuity Mortality
Table.  The weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets was
9.50% in 1994, 10.50% in 1993 and 11.25% in 1992.  The vested benefit
obligation and plan assets at fair value at December 31, 1994, for plans whose
benefits are guaranteed by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation were $3.2
billion and $3.3 billion, respectively.





                                       47
<PAGE>   49
10.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)

      In addition to pension benefits, other postretirement benefits, including
certain health care and life insurance benefits, are also provided to retired
employees.  The amount of health care benefits is limited to lifetime maximums
as outlined in the plan.  Substantially all employees of American and employees
of certain other subsidiaries may become eligible for these benefits if they
satisfy eligibility requirements during their working lives.

      Certain employee groups make contributions toward funding a portion of
their retiree health care benefits during their working lives.  AMR funds
benefits as incurred and began, effective January 1993, to match employee
prefunding.

      Effective January 1, 1992, AMR adopted FAS 106, changing the method of
accounting for these benefits.  Prior to 1992, other postretirement benefit
expense was recognized by expensing health care claims incurred and annual life
insurance premiums.  The cumulative effect of adopting FAS 106 as of January 1,
1992, was a charge of $917 million ($595 million after tax, or $7.95 per
share).

      Net other postretirement benefit cost was (in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                -----------------------------------------------
                                                                1994                 1993                  1992
                                                                ----                 ----                  ----
<S>                                                             <C>                  <C>                   <C>
 Service cost - benefits earned during the period               $ 62                 $ 47                  $ 43
 Interest cost on accumulated other postretirement
  benefit obligation                                              87                   87                    83
 Return on assets                                                 (1)                   -                     -
 Net amortization and deferral                                    (4)                  (4)                    -
                                                                ----                 ----                  ----
 Net other postretirement benefit cost                          $144                 $130                  $126
                                                                ====                 ====                  ====
</TABLE>

      In addition to net other postretirement benefit cost, in late 1994, AMR
offered early retirement programs to select groups of employees as part of its
restructuring efforts.  In accordance with FAS 106, AMR recognized additional
other postretirement benefit expense of $71 million associated with these
programs.  Of this amount, $43 million was for special termination benefits and
$28 million was for the net actuarial loss resulting from the early
retirements.

      The funded status of the plan, reconciled to the accrued other
postretirement benefit cost recognized in AMR's balance sheet, was (in
millions):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                   ----------------------------
                                                                                    1994                 1993
                                                                                   ------                ------
<S>                                                                                <C>                   <C>
Retirees                                                                           $  542                $  381
Fully eligible active plan participants                                               207                   306
Other active plan participants                                                        429                   522
                                                                                   ------                ------
Accumulated other postretirement benefit obligation                                 1,178                 1,209
Plan assets at fair value                                                              14                     7 
                                                                                   ------                ------
Accumulated other postretirement benefit obligation
 in excess of plan assets                                                           1,164                 1,202
Unrecognized net loss                                                                   -                  (207)
Unrecognized prior service benefit                                                     90                    95
                                                                                   ------                ------
Accrued other postretirement benefit cost                                          $1,254                $1,090
                                                                                   ======                ======
</TABLE>



                                       48
<PAGE>   50
10.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)

     Plan assets consist primarily of shares of a mutual fund managed by a
subsidiary of AMR.

      For 1994, future benefit costs were estimated assuming per capita cost of
covered medical benefits would increase at a nine percent annual rate,
decreasing gradually to a 4 percent annual growth rate in 2000 and thereafter.
A one percent increase in this annual trend rate would have increased the
accumulated other postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 1994, by
approximately $100 million and 1994 other postretirement benefit cost by
approximately $19 million.  In 1993, future benefit costs were estimated
assuming per capita cost of covered medical benefits would increase at an 11
percent annual rate, decreasing gradually to a 4 percent annual growth rate in
2000 and thereafter.  The weighted average discount rate used in estimating the
accumulated other postretirement benefit obligation was 8.75% and 7.50% at
December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

11.   RESTRUCTURING COSTS

      In 1994, the Company recorded $278 million for restructuring costs which
included (in millions):

<TABLE>
 <S>                                                                          <C>
 Special termination benefits:
  Pension                                                                     $  120
  Other postretirement benefits                                                   43
 Actuarial losses:                                                               
  Pension                                                                         34
  Other postretirement benefits                                                   28
                                                                              ------
                                                                                 
 Total cost of early retirement programs                                         225
 Severance                                                                        28
 Other                                                                            25
                                                                              ------
                                                                              $  278
                                                                              ======
</TABLE>         

      Approximately 1,700 agents and 600 management employees elected early
retirement under programs offered to select groups of employees and will leave
the Company's workforce during 1995.  Cash payments associated with the early
retirement programs will be expended as required for funding the appropriate
pension and other postretirement benefit plans in future years.

      The $28 million severance provision is for additional workforce
reductions affecting approximately 2,300 agent and management personnel as a
result of scheduled service reductions and improved administrative
efficiencies.  Cash outlays for severance payments are expected to occur
substantially during 1995.

      The remaining $25 million included in the restructuring costs represents
provisions for excess leased facilities and other restructuring activities.
Cash outlays of approximately $18 million are expected to occur over the
remaining lease terms.





                                       49
<PAGE>   51
12.   REVENUE AND OTHER EXPENSE ITEMS

      During 1994, the Company changed its estimate of the usage patterns of
miles awarded by participating companies in American's AAdvantage frequent
flyer program.  The positive impact of the change in estimate on passenger
revenues for 1994 was $59 million.  Passenger revenues for 1993 include a $115
million positive adjustment resulting from a change in estimate relating to
certain earned passenger revenues.

      Miscellaneous - net in 1994 includes a $25 million charge related to the
loss of two regional aircraft operated by subsidiaries of AMR Eagle, Inc.
Miscellaneous - net in 1993 and 1992 includes provisions of $71 million and
$165 million, respectively, for losses associated with a reservations system
project and resolution of related litigation.  Also included in 1993 is a $125
million charge related to the retirement of certain McDonnell Douglas DC-10
aircraft.  Also included in Miscellaneous - net for 1992 are charges
aggregating $25 million for a cash payment representing American's share of a
multi-carrier antitrust settlement and the retirement of certain regional
aircraft.

13.   FOREIGN OPERATIONS

      American conducts operations in various foreign countries.  American's
operating revenues from foreign operations were (in millions):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                        ------------------------------------------------------
                                                           1994                 1993                  1992
                                                        -----------          -----------          ------------
 <S>                                                    <C>                  <C>                  <C>
 Latin America                                          $     2,134          $     1,888          $      1,644
 Europe                                                       1,839                1,659                 1,692
 Pacific                                                        347                  362                   343
                                                        -----------          -----------          ------------
 Foreign operating revenues                             $     4,320          $     3,909          $      3,679
                                                        ===========          ===========          ============
</TABLE>


                                       50
<PAGE>   52
14.   SEGMENT INFORMATION

      AMR's operations fall within three industry segments:  the Air
Transportation Group, The SABRE Group, and the AMR Management Services Group.
For a description of each of these groups, refer to Business on pages 1 and 2.

      The following table presents selected financial data by industry segment
(in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               December 31,
                                                             --------------------------------------------------
                                                               1994                 1993                 1992
                                                             -------              -------               -------
 <S>                                                         <C>                  <C>                   <C>
 Air Transportation Group:
     Total revenues                                          $14,895              $14,785               $13,474
     Intergroup revenues                                           -                    -                     -
     Operating income (loss)                                     586                  374                  (310)
     Depreciation and amortization expense                     1,021                1,005                   838
     Capital expenditures, including route
      acquisition costs                                          717                1,721                 3,112
     Identifiable assets                                      17,466               17,566                17,269

 The SABRE Group:
     Total revenues                                            1,542                1,370                 1,271
     Intergroup revenues                                         637                  583                   563
     Operating income                                            367                  268                   256
     Depreciation and amortization expense                       183                  175                   170
     Capital expenditures                                        172                  179                   142
     Identifiable assets                                         585                  549                   534


 AMR Management Services Group:
     Total revenues                                              535                  452                   336
     Intergroup revenues                                         198                  208                   122
     Operating income                                             53                   48                    29
     Depreciation and amortization expense                        49                   43                    33
     Capital expenditures                                        225                  180                    81
     Identifiable assets                                       1,063                  775                   584
</TABLE>


      Identifiable assets are gross assets used by a business segment,
including an allocated portion of assets used jointly by more than one business
segment.  General corporate and other assets not allocated to business segments
were $372 million, $436 million and $319 million at December 31, 1994, 1993 and
1992, respectively, and consist primarily of income tax assets.





                                       51
<PAGE>   53
15.   SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

      Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information and non-cash activities
(in millions):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                              -------------------------------------------------
                                                               1994                  1993                  1992
                                                              ------                 ----                  ----
<S>                                                           <C>                    <C>                   <C>
Cash payments (refunds) for:
 Interest (net of interest capitalized)                       $  609                 $584                  $458
 Income taxes                                                    (21)                 (32)                   (7)
Financing activities not affecting cash:
 Exchange of convertible debentures for
  preferred stock                                             $1,003                 $  -                  $  -
 Capital lease obligations incurred                              280                   21                   418
 Installment promissory notes issued for assets                    -                    -                   162
</TABLE>

16.   QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

      Unaudited summarized financial data by quarter for 1994 and 1993 (in
millions, except per share amounts):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           First               Second                 Third               Fourth
                                          Quarter              Quarter               Quarter              Quarter
                                          -------              -------               -------              -------
<S>                                        <C>                  <C>                  <C>                   <C>
 1994
Operating revenues                         $3,808               $4,101               $4,233                $3,995
Operating income (loss)                       159                  401                  489                   (43)
Net earnings (loss)                            (7)                 153                  205                  (123)
Earnings (loss) per common                                                                          
 share(1):
  Primary                                                                                           
  Before effect of preferred stock
   exchange                                 (0.30)                1.77                 2.47                 (1.70)
  Net earnings (loss)                       (0.30)                1.77                 2.47                  0.55
  Fully diluted                                                                                     
  Before effect of preferred stock
   exchange                                 (0.30)                1.68                 2.27                 (1.70)
  Net earnings (loss)                       (0.30)                1.68                 2.27                  0.55
                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                    
1993                                                                                                
Operating revenues                         $3,814               $4,212               $4,199                $3,591
Operating income (loss)                       116                  364                  372                  (162)
Earnings (loss) before
 extraordinary loss                           (22)                  47                  125                  (246)
Net earnings (loss)                           (22)                  47                  118                  (253)
Earnings (loss) per common share:                                                                            
 Primary                                                                                             
  Before extraordinary loss                 (0.43)                0.39                 1.43                 (3.47)
  Net earnings (loss)                       (0.43)                0.39                 1.33                 (3.55)
 Fully diluted                                                                                       
  Before extraordinary loss                 (0.43)                0.39                 1.34                 (3.47)
  Net earnings (loss)                       (0.43)                0.39                 1.26                 (3.55)
                                                                                                                 
</TABLE>

(1)   Information on the adjustment to the earnings per share computation
      for the three months ended December 31, 1994, for the effect of the 
      preferred stock exchange is included in Note 5.





                                       52
<PAGE>   54
16.   QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED)

      Results for the fourth quarter of 1994 include $278 million in
restructuring costs, primarily representing the cost of early retirement
programs and severance for Air Transportation Group employees.  Results for the
fourth quarter of 1994 also include a $25 million charge related to the loss of
two regional aircraft operated by subsidiaries of AMR Eagle, Inc.  During the
second quarter of 1994, the Company changed its estimate of the usage patterns
of miles awarded by participating companies in American's AAdvantage frequent
flyer program.  The positive impact of the change in estimate on revenues for
the second, third and fourth quarters of 1994 was $35 million, $14 million, and
$10 million, as compared to the same quarters in 1993.

      Results for the second quarter of 1993 include a $115 million positive
adjustment resulting from a change in estimate relating to certain earned
passenger revenues.  Results for the second quarter of 1993 also include a $125
million charge related to the retirement of certain McDonnell Douglas DC-10
aircraft.  Results for the fourth quarter of 1993 reflect the adverse impact of
a five-day strike by American's flight attendants and also include a $71
million charge for losses associated with a reservations system project and
resolution of related litigation as well as a $25 million charge for the cost
of severance of certain employees.





                                       53
<PAGE>   55
ITEM 9.      DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE

None.
                                    PART III
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 10.     DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement
for the annual meeting of stockholders on May 17, 1995.  Information concerning
the executive officers is included in Part I of this report on pages 12 and 13.

ITEM 11.     EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement
for the annual meeting of stockholders on May 17, 1995.

ITEM 12.     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement
for the annual meeting of stockholders on May 17, 1995.

ITEM 13.     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement
for the annual meeting of stockholders on May 17, 1995.

                                    PART IV
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ITEM 14.     EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)   (1)        The financial statements listed in the accompanying index to
                 financial statements and schedules are filed as part of this
                 report.

      (2)        The schedules listed in the accompanying index to financial
                 statements and schedules are filed as part of this report.

      (3)        Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.
                 (Where the amount of securities authorized to be issued under
                 any of AMR's long-term debt agreements does not exceed ten
                 percent of AMR's assets, pursuant to paragraph (b)(4) of Item
                 601 of Regulation S-K, in lieu of filing such as an exhibit,
                 AMR hereby agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a
                 copy of any agreement with respect to such long-term debt.)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             EXHIBIT
             -------


             <S>          <C>
             3(a)         Composite of the Certificate of Incorporation of AMR, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to AMR's
                          report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1982, file number 1-8400.

             3(b)         Amended Bylaws of AMR, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year
                          ended December 31, 1990, file number 1-8400.
</TABLE>





                                       54
<PAGE>   56
<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(a)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 12, 1979, between American and the Boeing Company, relating to 
                          the purchase of Boeing Model 767-323 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b)(3) to American's
                          Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(b)        Description of American's Split Dollar Insurance Program, dated December 28, 1977, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(c)(1) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(c)        American's 1992 Incentive Compensation Plan.

             10(d)        1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to
                          American's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1982, file number 1-8400.

             10(e)        1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to
                          American's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1982, file number 1-8400.

             10(f)        Form of Stock Option Agreement for Corporate Officers under the 1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option
                          Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(5) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(g)        Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 1974 and 1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option Plans,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(6) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(h)        Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated April 14, 1973, as amended March 1, 1975, between American and
                          Robert L. Crandall, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(7) to American's Registration Statement No.
                          2-76709.

             10(i)        Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated October 18, 1972, as amended March 1, 1975, between American and
                          Gene E. Overbeck, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(9) to American's Registration Statement 
                          No. 2-76709.

             10(j)        Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated June 3, 1970, between American and Francis H. Burr, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 11(d) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-39380.

             10(k)        Description of informal arrangement relating to deferral of payment of directors' fees, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(c)(11) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(l)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 29, 1984, between American and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation,
                          relative to the purchase of McDonnell Douglas Super 80 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
                          10(l) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1983, file number 1-8400.

             10(m)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 27, 1983, between American and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation,
                          relative to the purchase of McDonnell Douglas Super 80 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                          4(a)(8) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-84905.


</TABLE>



                                       55
<PAGE>   57
<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(n)        AMR Corporation Restricted Stock Incentive Plan, adopted May 15, 1985, incorporated by reference to 
                          Exhibit 10(n) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, file number 1-8400.

             10(o)        AMR Corporation Preferred Stock Purchase Rights Agreement, adopted February 13, 1986, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(o) to AMR's report on Form  10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, file number
                          1-8400.

             10(p)        Form of Executive's Termination Benefits Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(p) to AMR's
                          report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, file number 1-8400.

             10(q)        Amendment, dated June 4, 1986, to Purchase Agreement in Exhibit 10(l) above, incorporated by reference to
                          Exhibit 10(q) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1986, file number 1-8400.

             10(r)        Acquisition Agreement, dated as of March 1, 1987, between American and Airbus Industrie relative to the
                          lease of Airbus A300-600R aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(r) to AMR's report on Form 
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1986, file number 1-8400.

             10(s)        Acquisition Agreement, dated as of March 1, 1987, between American and the Boeing Company relative to the
                          lease of Boeing 767-323ER aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(s) to AMR's report on Form 
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1986, file number 1-8400.

             10(t)        AMR Corporation 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(t) to AMR's report
                          on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988, file number 1-8400.

             10(u)        Acquisition Agreement, dated as of July 21, 1988, between American and the Boeing Company relative to the
                          purchase of Boeing Model 757-223 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(u) to AMR's report on
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988, file number 1-8400.

             10(v)        Acquisition Agreement, dated as of February 4, 1989,  among American and Delta Airlines, Inc. and others
                          relative to operation of a computerized reservations system incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to
                          AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988, file number 1-8400.

             10(w)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 5, 1989, between American and the Boeing Company relative to the
                          purchase of Boeing 757-223 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(w) to AMR's report on Form 
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(x)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 9, 1989, between American and Fokker Aircraft U. S. A., Inc. relative
                          to the purchase of Fokker 100 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to AMR's report on Form
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.


</TABLE>



                                       56
<PAGE>   58
<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(y)        Agreement for Sale and Purchase, dated as of June 12, 1989, between AMR Leasing Corporation and SAAB
                          Aircraft of America, Inc. relative to the purchase of Saab 340B aircraft, incorporated by reference to
                          Exhibit 10(y) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(z)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 23, 1989, between American and the Boeing Company relative to the
                          purchase of Boeing 767-323ER aircraft, incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10(z) to AMR's report on Form
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(aa)       Lease Agreement, dated as of June 29, 1989, between AMR Leasing Corporation and British Aerospace, Inc.
                          relative to the lease of Jetstream Model 3201 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aa) to
                          AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(bb)       Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 3, 1989, between American and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation
                          relative to the purchase of MD-11 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(bb) to AMR's report on
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(cc)       Amendment, dated as of August 3, 1989, to the Purchase Agreement in Exhibit 10(l) above, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(cc) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number
                          1-8400.

             10(dd)       Amendment, dated as of August 11, 1989, to AMR's Preferred Stock Purchase Rights Agreement in Exhibit 
                          10(o) above, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(dd) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                          December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(ee)       Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 25, 1989, between American and AVSA, S. A. R. L. relative to the
                          purchase of Airbus A300-600R aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ee) to AMR's report on Form
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(ff)       Amendment, dated as of November 16, 1989, to Employment Agreement among AMR, American Airlines and Robert
                          L. Crandall, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ff) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                          December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(gg)       Directors Stock Equivalent Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(gg) to AMR's report on
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(hh)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Edward A. Brennan,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(hh) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(ii)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Thomas S. Carroll,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

</TABLE>




                                       57
<PAGE>   59
<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(jj)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Antonio Luis Ferre,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(kk)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and John D. Leitch, 
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(kk) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(ll)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Charles H. Pistor, Jr.,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ll) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(mm)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Edward O. Vetter,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(mm) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(nn)       Amendment, dated as of February 1, 1990, to the Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated December 19, 1984,
                          between AMR and Charles H. Pistor, Jr., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to AMR's report on 
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(oo)       Management Severance Allowance, dated as of February 23, 1990, for levels 1-4 employees of American
                          Airlines, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(oo) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year 
                          ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(pp)       Management Severance Allowance, dated as of February 23, 1990, for level 5 and above employees of American
                          Airlines, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(pp) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year 
                          ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(qq)       Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 25, 1990, between AMR Leasing Corporation and Avions de Transport
                          Regional relative to the purchase of ATR 42 and Super ATR aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                          10(qq) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990, file number 1-8400.

             10(rr)       Form of Stock Option Agreement for Corporate Officers under the AMR 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(rr) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1990, file number 1-8400.

             10(ss)       Form of Career Equity Program Deferred Stock Award Agreement under the AMR 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ss) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1990, file number 1-8400.

             10(tt)       Amendment, dated as of December 3, 1990, to Employment Agreement among AMR, American Airlines and Robert 
                          L. Crandall incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(tt) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                          December 31, 1990, file number 1-8400.

             10(uu)       Amendment, dated as of May 1, 1992, to Employment Agreement among AMR, American Airlines and Robert L.
                          Crandall incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(uu) to AMR's report on Form 10-Q for the period ended 
                          June 30,  1992, file number 1-8400.

             10(vv)       Irrevocable Executive Trust Agreement, dated as of May 1, 1992, between AMR and Wachovia Bank of North
                          Carolina N.A.




</TABLE>

                                       58
<PAGE>   60
<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(ww)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of December 23, 1992, between AMR and Howard P. Allen.

             10(xx)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of February 5, 1993, between AMR and Charles T. Fisher, III.

             10(yy)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of February 10, 1993, between AMR and Edward O. Vetter.

             10(zz)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of March 8, 1993, between AMR and John D. Leitch.

             10(aaa)      Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement, dated as of February 13, 1986, between AMR Corporation and First
                          Chicago Trust Company of New York.

             10(bbb)      Form of Guaranty to Career Equity Program under the AMR 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan.

             10(ccc)      Amendment, dated as of July 26, 1993, to Career Equity Program Deferred Stock Award Agreements.

             10(ddd)      Second Amendment, dated as of July 26, 1993, to Career Equity Program Deferred Stock Award Agreements.

             10(eee)      Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of February 10, 1994, between AMR and Charles T. Fisher, III.

             10(fff)      Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of February 11, 1994, between AMR and Howard P. Allen.

             10(ggg)      American Airlines, Inc. 1995 Incentive Compensation Plan for Officers and Key Employees.

             10(hhh)      American Airlines , Inc. 1995 Employee Profit Sharing Plan.

             10(iii)      Amendment to AMR's 1988 Long-term Incentive Plan dated May 18, 1994, incorporated by reference to 
                          Exhibit A AMR's definitive proxy statement with respect to the annual meeting of stockholders 
                          held on May 18, 1994. 

             10(jjj)      Directors Stock Incentive Plan dated May 18, 1994, incorporated by reference to Exhibit B AMR's 
                          definitive proxy statement with respect to the annual meeting of stockholders held on May 18, 1994.

             10(kkk)      Performance Share Program for the years 1993 to 1995 under the 1988 Long-term Incentive Program.

             10(lll)      Performance Share Program for the years 1994 to 1996 under the 1988 Long-term Incentive Program.

</TABLE>





                                      59
<PAGE>   61

<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(mmm)      American Airlines, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Program dated November 16, 1994.

             10(nnn)      Current form of Career Equity Program Agreement.

             11(a)        Computation of primary loss per share for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

             11(b)        Computation of loss per share assuming full dilution for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.


             19           The 1974 and 1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option plans as amended March 16, 1983, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 19 to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1983, file number 1-
                          8400.  Refer to Exhibits 10(d) and 10(e).

             22           Significant subsidiaries of the registrant.

             23           Consent of Independent Auditors appears on page 62 hereof.

             27           Financial Data Schedule
</TABLE>

(b)          Reports on Form 8-K:

             None.





                                       60
<PAGE>   62
                                AMR CORPORATION
                  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES
                   COVERED BY REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
                                  [ITEM 14(A)]

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                              Page
<S>                                                                                                          <C>
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


 Report of Independent Auditors                                                                                 28

 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the Years Ended
 December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                                                            29-30

 Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 1994 and 1993                                                    31-32


 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
 December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                                                               33

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended
 December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                                                               34


 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                  35-53


 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES FOR THE YEARS ENDED
 DECEMBER 31, 1994, 1993 AND 1992


 Schedule II       Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves                                            63-65
                                                                                                                  


</TABLE>

All other schedules are omitted since the required information is included in
the financial statements or notes thereto, or since the required information is
either not present or not present in sufficient amounts.





                                       61
<PAGE>   63
                                                                      Exhibit 23


                        CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (Form
S-8 No. 2-68366), (Form S-8 No. 33-27866), (Form S-3 No. 33-42027), (Form S-3
No. 33-46325), (Form S-3 No. 33-52121), and (Form S-4 No. 33-55191) of AMR
Corporation, and in the related Prospectuses, of our report dated February 13,
1995, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of
AMR Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended
December 31, 1994.



                                                               ERNST & YOUNG LLP


Dallas, Texas
March 22, 1995





                                       62
<PAGE>   64
                                AMR CORPORATION
          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                   (DEDUCTED FROM ASSET TO WHICH APPLICABLE)
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                 (IN MILLIONS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                               
                                                                 CHARGED TO                                             
                                                    ------------------------------------                                BALANCE
                                   BALANCE AT        OTHER         DEPREC.                                 SALES,          AT  
                                    BEGINNING      OPERATING        AND                       NET       RETIREMENTS      END OF
                                     OF YEAR        EXPENSES       AMORT.      MISC.-NET   WRITE-OFF   AND TRANSFERS      YEAR 
                                    --------        --------       ------      ---------   ---------   -------------      ---- 
                                                                                                                               
 <S>                                   <C>           <C>             <C>        <C>       <C>               <C>          <C>   
 Allowance for                         
   uncollectible accounts              $  33         $   20          $  -       $   -     $  (27)           $  -         $  26
                                       
                                       
                                       
 Allowance for                         
   obsolescence of inventories           168              -            29           -          -             (18)          179
                                       
                                       
                                       
 Reserve for anticipated loss          
   on fleet retirement                    57              -             -           4        (32)               -           29
                                       
                                       
 Reserve for anticipated loss          
   on reservation project                158              -             -           -       (153)               -            5
                                       

</TABLE>



                                       63
<PAGE>   65
                                AMR CORPORATION
          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                   (DEDUCTED FROM ASSET TO WHICH APPLICABLE)
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                 (IN MILLIONS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                               
                                                                 CHARGED TO                                             
                                                    -----------------------------------                                 BALANCE
                                   BALANCE AT        OTHER         DEPREC.                                 SALES,          AT  
                                    BEGINNING      OPERATING        AND                       NET       RETIREMENTS      END OF
                                     OF YEAR        EXPENSES       AMORT.      MISC.-NET   WRITE-OFF   AND TRANSFERS      YEAR 
                                    --------        --------       ------      ---------   ---------   -------------      ---- 
 <S>                                   <C>           <C>            <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>             <C>   
 Allowance for                                                                                                          
   uncollectible accounts              $   32        $   22         $  -       $   -       $  (21)        $   -           $  33
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
 Allowance for                                                                                                          
   obsolescence of inventories            133             -           11           -            -            24             168
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
 Reserve for anticipated loss                                                                                           
   on fleet retirement                     26             -            -         125          (82)          (12) (a)         57
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                        
 Reserve for anticipated loss                                                                                           
   on reservation project                 132             -            -          71          (45)            -             158
                                                                                                            
</TABLE>

(a) Transfer to Allowance for obsolescence of inventories.





                                       64
<PAGE>   66
                                AMR CORPORATION
          SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                   (DEDUCTED FROM ASSET TO WHICH APPLICABLE)
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1992
                                 (IN MILLIONS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                        
                                                                 CHARGED TO                                                    
                                                    ------------------------------------                                BALANCE
                                   BALANCE AT        OTHER         DEPREC.                                 SALES,          AT  
                                    BEGINNING      OPERATING        AND                       NET       RETIREMENTS      END OF
                                     OF YEAR        EXPENSES       AMORT.      MISC.-NET   WRITE-OFF   AND TRANSFERS      YEAR 
                                    --------        --------       ------      ---------   ---------   -------------      ---- 
 <S>                                   <C>           <C>            <C>        <C>         <C>            <C>             <C>  
 Allowance for
   uncollectible accounts              $   31        $   22         $  -       $   -       $  (21)        $   -           $  32
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
 Allowance for                                                                                                                 
   obsolescence of inventories            120             -           19           -           (6)            -             133
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
 Reserve for anticipated loss                                                                                                  
   on fleet retirement                     48             -            -           5          (27)            -              26
                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                               
 Reserve for anticipated loss                                                                                                  
   on reservation project                   -             -            -         165          (33)            -             132
                                                                                                                      
                                       
</TABLE>



                                       65
<PAGE>   67
PART I  -  EXHIBIT 11 (A) AMR CORPORATION
                COMPUTATION OF PRIMARY EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
                    (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                        ----------------------------------------------
                                                                        1994                1993                1992
                                                                        -----              -------             -------       
<S>                                                                     <C>                <C>                 <C>
 NET EARNINGS (LOSS)                                                    $ 228              $  (110)            $  (935)
 Preferred stock dividends                                                (56)                 (60)                  -
                                                                        -----              -------             -------       
                                                                          172                 (170)               (935)
                                                                                                                       
Increase in additional paid-in capital from preferred
 stock exchange                                                           171                    -                   -
                                                                        -----              -------             -------       

EARNINGS (LOSS) APPLICABLE TO COMMON SHARES                             $ 343              $  (170)            $  (935)
                                                                        =====              =======             =======

SHARES, AS ADJUSTED:                                                                                      
  Average number of shares outstanding                                     76                   76                  75
  Add shares issued upon assumed exercise of dilutive options,        
   stock appreciation rights and warrants and shares assumed          
   issued for deferred stock granted                                        -                    1                   -
  Less assumed treasury shares repurchased                                  -                   (1)                  -     
                                                                        -----              -------             -------       
SHARES, AS ADJUSTED                                                        76                   76                  75
                                                                        =====              =======             =======
                                                                                                          
Primary earnings (loss) per share                                       $4.51              $ (2.23)            $(12.49)
                                                                        =====              =======             =======
</TABLE>


                                       66
<PAGE>   68
                                                       PART I  -  EXHIBIT 11 (B)
                                AMR CORPORATION
                    COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
                             ASSUMING FULL DILUTION
                    (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                        ---------------------------------------------
                                                                        1994                1993               1992
                                                                        -----              ------             -------
<S>                                                                     <C>                <C>                <C>
NET EARNINGS (LOSS)                                                     $ 228              $ (110)            $  (935)
Preferred stock dividends                                                 (56)                (60)                  -
                                                                        -----              ------             -------
                                                                          172                (170)               (935)
                                                                                                                       
Increase in additional paid-in capital from preferred
 stock exchange                                                           171                   -                   -
                                                                        -----              ------             -------

EARNINGS (LOSS) APPLICABLE TO COMMON SHARES                             $ 343              $ (170)            $  (935)
                                                                        =====              =======            =======        

SHARES, AS ADJUSTED:                                                                                      
  Average number of shares outstanding                                     76                  76                  75
  Add shares issued upon assumed exercise of dilutive options,
   stock appreciation rights and warrants and shares assumed                              
   issued for deferred stock granted                                        -                   1                   -
  Less assumed treasury shares repurchased                                  -                  (1)                  -    
                                                                        -----              ------             -------
SHARES, AS ADJUSTED                                                        76                  76                  75
                                                                        =====              ======             =======        
Earnings (loss) per share assuming full dilution                        $4.51              $(2.23)            $(12.49)
                                                                        =====              ======             =======        
</TABLE>


                                       67
<PAGE>   69
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


AMR CORPORATION

 /s/ Robert L. Crandall
 Robert L. Crandall
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)


 /s/ Donald J. Carty
 Donald J. Carty

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Date: March 15, 1995

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates noted:

Directors:

 /s/  Howard P. Allen                          /s/  Dee J. Kelly
 Howard P. Allen                               Dee J. Kelly
                                               
                                               
 /s/  Edward A. Brennan                        /s/  William Lyon
 Edward A. Brennan                             William Lyon
                                               
                                               
 /s/  David L. Boren                           /s/  Ann D. McLaughlin
 David L. Boren                                Ann D. McLaughlin
                                               
                                               
 /s/  Armando M. Codina                        /s/  Charles H. Pistor, Jr.
 Armando M. Codina                             Charles H. Pistor, Jr.
                                               
                                               
 /s/  Christopher F. Edley                     /s/  Joe M. Rodgers
 Christopher F. Edley                          Joe M. Rodgers
                                               
                                               
 /s/  Charles T. Fisher, III                   /s/  Maurice Segall
 Charles T. Fisher, III                        Maurice Segall
                                               
                                               
 /s/  Earl G. Graves                           /s/  Eugene F. Williams, Jr.
 Earl G. Graves                                Eugene F. Williams, Jr.
                                               
                                               
Date: March 15, 1995                           






                                       68
<PAGE>   70
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS

          EXHIBIT          DESCRIPTION
          -------          -----------

<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(a)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 12, 1979, between American and the Boeing Company, relating to 
                          the purchase of Boeing Model 767-323 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b)(3) to American's
                          Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(b)        Description of American's Split Dollar Insurance Program, dated December 28, 1977, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(c)(1) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(c)        American's 1992 Incentive Compensation Plan.

             10(d)        1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to
                          American's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1982, file number 1-8400.

             10(e)        1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to
                          American's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1982, file number 1-8400.

             10(f)        Form of Stock Option Agreement for Corporate Officers under the 1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option
                          Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(5) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(g)        Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 1974 and 1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option Plans,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(6) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(h)        Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated April 14, 1973, as amended March 1, 1975, between American and
                          Robert L. Crandall, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(7) to American's Registration Statement No.
                          2-76709.

             10(i)        Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated October 18, 1972, as amended March 1, 1975, between American and
                          Gene E. Overbeck, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c)(9) to American's Registration Statement 
                          No. 2-76709.

             10(j)        Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated June 3, 1970, between American and Francis H. Burr, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 11(d) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-39380.

             10(k)        Description of informal arrangement relating to deferral of payment of directors' fees, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(c)(11) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-76709.

             10(l)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 29, 1984, between American and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation,
                          relative to the purchase of McDonnell Douglas Super 80 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
                          10(l) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1983, file number 1-8400.

             10(m)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 27, 1983, between American and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation,
                          relative to the purchase of McDonnell Douglas Super 80 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                          4(a)(8) to American's Registration Statement No. 2-84905.


</TABLE>



       
<PAGE>   71
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS (CONTINUED)


<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(n)        AMR Corporation Restricted Stock Incentive Plan, adopted May 15, 1985, incorporated by reference to 
                          Exhibit 10(n) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, file number 1-8400.

             10(o)        AMR Corporation Preferred Stock Purchase Rights Agreement, adopted February 13, 1986, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(o) to AMR's report on Form  10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, file number
                          1-8400.

             10(p)        Form of Executive's Termination Benefits Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(p) to AMR's
                          report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1985, file number 1-8400.

             10(q)        Amendment, dated June 4, 1986, to Purchase Agreement in Exhibit 10(l) above, incorporated by reference to
                          Exhibit 10(q) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1986, file number 1-8400.

             10(r)        Acquisition Agreement, dated as of March 1, 1987, between American and Airbus Industrie relative to the
                          lease of Airbus A300-600R aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(r) to AMR's report on Form 
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1986, file number 1-8400.

             10(s)        Acquisition Agreement, dated as of March 1, 1987, between American and the Boeing Company relative to the
                          lease of Boeing 767-323ER aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(s) to AMR's report on Form 
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1986, file number 1-8400.

             10(t)        AMR Corporation 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(t) to AMR's report
                          on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988, file number 1-8400.

             10(u)        Acquisition Agreement, dated as of July 21, 1988, between American and the Boeing Company relative to the
                          purchase of Boeing Model 757-223 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(u) to AMR's report on
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988, file number 1-8400.

             10(v)        Acquisition Agreement, dated as of February 4, 1989,  among American and Delta Airlines, Inc. and others
                          relative to operation of a computerized reservations system incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to
                          AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988, file number 1-8400.

             10(w)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 5, 1989, between American and the Boeing Company relative to the
                          purchase of Boeing 757-223 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(w) to AMR's report on Form 
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(x)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 9, 1989, between American and Fokker Aircraft U. S. A., Inc. relative
                          to the purchase of Fokker 100 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to AMR's report on Form
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.


</TABLE>



<PAGE>   72
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS (CONTINUED)


<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(y)        Agreement for Sale and Purchase, dated as of June 12, 1989, between AMR Leasing Corporation and SAAB
                          Aircraft of America, Inc. relative to the purchase of Saab 340B aircraft, incorporated by reference to
                          Exhibit 10(y) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(z)        Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 23, 1989, between American and the Boeing Company relative to the
                          purchase of Boeing 767-323ER aircraft, incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10(z) to AMR's report on Form
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(aa)       Lease Agreement, dated as of June 29, 1989, between AMR Leasing Corporation and British Aerospace, Inc.
                          relative to the lease of Jetstream Model 3201 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aa) to
                          AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(bb)       Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 3, 1989, between American and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation
                          relative to the purchase of MD-11 aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(bb) to AMR's report on
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(cc)       Amendment, dated as of August 3, 1989, to the Purchase Agreement in Exhibit 10(l) above, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 10(cc) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number
                          1-8400.

             10(dd)       Amendment, dated as of August 11, 1989, to AMR's Preferred Stock Purchase Rights Agreement in Exhibit 
                          10(o) above, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(dd) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                          December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(ee)       Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 25, 1989, between American and AVSA, S. A. R. L. relative to the
                          purchase of Airbus A300-600R aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ee) to AMR's report on Form
                          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(ff)       Amendment, dated as of November 16, 1989, to Employment Agreement among AMR, American Airlines and Robert
                          L. Crandall, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ff) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                          December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(gg)       Directors Stock Equivalent Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(gg) to AMR's report on
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(hh)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Edward A. Brennan,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(hh) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(ii)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Thomas S. Carroll,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

</TABLE>




<PAGE>   73
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS (CONTINUED)


<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(jj)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Antonio Luis Ferre,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(kk)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and John D. Leitch, 
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(kk) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(ll)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Charles H. Pistor, Jr.,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ll) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(mm)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between AMR and Edward O. Vetter,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(mm) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(nn)       Amendment, dated as of February 1, 1990, to the Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated December 19, 1984,
                          between AMR and Charles H. Pistor, Jr., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to AMR's report on 
                          Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(oo)       Management Severance Allowance, dated as of February 23, 1990, for levels 1-4 employees of American
                          Airlines, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(oo) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year 
                          ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(pp)       Management Severance Allowance, dated as of February 23, 1990, for level 5 and above employees of American
                          Airlines, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(pp) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year 
                          ended December 31, 1989, file number 1-8400.

             10(qq)       Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 25, 1990, between AMR Leasing Corporation and Avions de Transport
                          Regional relative to the purchase of ATR 42 and Super ATR aircraft, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                          10(qq) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990, file number 1-8400.

             10(rr)       Form of Stock Option Agreement for Corporate Officers under the AMR 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(rr) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1990, file number 1-8400.

             10(ss)       Form of Career Equity Program Deferred Stock Award Agreement under the AMR 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
                          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ss) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                          1990, file number 1-8400.

             10(tt)       Amendment, dated as of December 3, 1990, to Employment Agreement among AMR, American Airlines and Robert 
                          L. Crandall incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(tt) to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                          December 31, 1990, file number 1-8400.

             10(uu)       Amendment, dated as of May 1, 1992, to Employment Agreement among AMR, American Airlines and Robert L.
                          Crandall incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(uu) to AMR's report on Form 10-Q for the period ended 
                          June 30,  1992, file number 1-8400.

             10(vv)       Irrevocable Executive Trust Agreement, dated as of May 1, 1992, between AMR and Wachovia Bank of North
                          Carolina N.A.




</TABLE>

<PAGE>   74
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS (CONTINUED)


<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(ww)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of December 23, 1992, between AMR and Howard P. Allen.

             10(xx)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of February 5, 1993, between AMR and Charles T. Fisher, III.

             10(yy)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of February 10, 1993, between AMR and Edward O. Vetter.

             10(zz)       Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of March 8, 1993, between AMR and John D. Leitch.

             10(aaa)      Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement, dated as of February 13, 1986, between AMR Corporation and First
                          Chicago Trust Company of New York.

             10(bbb)      Form of Guaranty to Career Equity Program under the AMR 1988 Long-Term Incentive Plan.

             10(ccc)      Amendment, dated as of July 26, 1993, to Career Equity Program Deferred Stock Award Agreements.

             10(ddd)      Second Amendment, dated as of July 26, 1993, to Career Equity Program Deferred Stock Award Agreements.

             10(eee)      Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of February 10, 1994, between AMR and Charles T. Fisher, III.

             10(fff)      Deferred Compensation Agreement, dated as of February 11, 1994, between AMR and Howard P. Allen.

             10(ggg)      American Airlines, Inc. 1995 Incentive Compensation Plan for Officers and Key Employees.

             10(hhh)      American Airlines , Inc. 1995 Employee Profit Sharing Plan.

             10(iii)      Amendment to AMR's 1988 Long-term Incentive Plan dated May 18, 1994, incorporated by reference to 
                          Exhibit A AMR's definitive proxy statement with respect to the annual meeting of stockholders 
                          held on May 18, 1994. 

             10(jjj)      Directors Stock Incentive Plan dated May 18, 1994, incorporated by reference to Exhibit B AMR's 
                          definitive proxy statement with respect to the annual meeting of stockholders held on May 18, 1994.

             10(kkk)      Performance Share Program for the years 1993 to 1995 under the 1988 Long-term Incentive Program.

             10(lll)      Performance Share Program for the years 1994 to 1996 under the 1988 Long-term Incentive Program.

</TABLE>





<PAGE>   75
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS (CONTINUED)


<TABLE>
             <S>          <C>
             10(mmm)      American Airlines, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Program dated November 16, 1994.

             10(nnn)      Current form of Career Equity Program Agreement.

             11(a)        Computation of primary loss per share for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

             11(b)        Computation of loss per share assuming full dilution for the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.


             19           The 1974 and 1979 American Airlines (AMR) Stock Option plans as amended March 16, 1983, incorporated by
                          reference to Exhibit 19 to AMR's report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1983, file number 1-
                          8400.  Refer to Exhibits 10(d) and 10(e).

             22           Significant subsidiaries of the registrant.

             23           Consent of Independent Auditors appears on page 62 hereof.

             27           Financial Data Schedule
</TABLE>

(b)          Reports on Form 8-K:

             None.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(BBB)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>GUARANTY TO CAREER EQUITY PROGRAM
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                 Exhibit 10(bbb)
<PAGE>   2
                                  GUARANTY TO
                             CAREER EQUITY PROGRAM

                                * * * * * * * *

                 This Guaranty (the "Guaranty") to the Career Equity Program
(the "Program") is made this 26th day of July 1993.

                                     * * *

                 WHEREAS, AMR Corporation (the "Corporation") and _________
(the "Employee"), employee number _____, have previously entered into deferred
stock agreements pursuant to the Career Equity Program (collectively referenced
the "Agreements");

                 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Agreements shares of deferred stock
have been awarded to the Employee (such shares of deferred stock to be
collectively referenced the "Award");

                 WHEREAS, the Award will vest in accordance with the terms of
the Agreements; and

                 WHEREAS, the Corporation and the Employee wish to agree upon a
guaranty relating to the value of the Award upon the Employee's Retirement from
a Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Corporation.

                 NOW, THEREFORE, in exchange for good and valuable
consideration the sufficiency of which is hereby agreed, the Corporation and
Employee agree as follows.

                                     * * *

                 Section 1.       For purposes of this Guaranty, the following
terms will have the meanings set forth below.

                 Award FMV means the number of shares of Stock which vest upon
the Employee's Retirement multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the
Corporation's common stock, $1.00 par value per share, on the date such shares
of Stock vest.

                 Final Average Salary means the average annual salary used for
purposes of computing the Employee's benefit under the qualified pension plan
of the applicable Subsidiary or Affiliate.

                 Guaranty Amount means the Final Average Salary multiplied by
3.5, provided the Employee has been granted, in the aggregate, a number of
shares of stock pursuant to the Agreements (the "Award Number") which is at
least equal to the target number (the "Target Number") as may be established by
the Board or any committee thereof.  Should the Employee's Award Number be less
<PAGE>   3
than the Target Number the Guaranty Amount will be the Employee's Final Average
Salary multiplied by 3.5 and further multiplied by a fraction where the
numerator is the Award Number and the denominator is the Target Number.

                                       *

                 Section 2.       In the event the Award vests in accordance
with Section 2 of the Agreements, the Employee will be entitled to a
supplemental payment in cash (subject to any applicable effective deferral),
if, and to the extent that, on the date of the vesting of the Award, the Award
FMV is less than Guaranty Amount. The supplemental payment, if any, will be
equal to the difference between the Guaranty Amount and the Award FMV.
Provided, however, that if the Employee elects an Early Retirement from a
Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Corporation, the amount of the supplemental
payment (as computed pursuant to this Section 2) will be multiplied the factor
corresponding to the Employee's age at Early Retirement, as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     Age                             Factor
     ---                             ------
     <S>                              <C>
     55                               .85
                                  
     56                               .88
                                  
     57                               .91
                                  
     58                               .94
                                  
     59                               .97
</TABLE>                                               

                                       *

                 Section 3.       This Guaranty will only be applicable in the
event of the Employee's Retirement from a Subsidiary or Affiliate of the
Corporation.  This Guaranty will not be applicable, and is not intended to
apply, in the event the Employee's employment with a Subsidiary or Affiliate of
the Corporation is terminated for Cause, not for Cause, by reason of death,
Disability or any other reason whatsoever.

                                       *

                 Section 4.       This Guaranty (a) shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of any successor of the Corporation, (b) shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Texas and any applicable laws of the United States,
and (c) may not be amended without the written consent of both the Corporation
and the Employee.  No contract or right of employment shall be implied by this
Guaranty.
<PAGE>   4
                                       *

                 Section 5.       Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth for such terms in the Corporation's
l988 Long Term Incentive Plan.

                                     * * *
                                     
                                     
                                     
EMPLOYEE                                      AMR CORPORATION
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
_____________________________                   By: _____________________
                                                       Charles D. MarLett
                                                       Corporate Secretary
                                     
                                     
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(CCC)
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO CAREER EQUITY PROGRAM
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                 Exhibit 10(ccc)





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   2
                                  AMENDMENT TO
                             CAREER EQUITY PROGRAM
                        DEFERRED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENTS

                                * * * * * * * *

             This Amendment (the "Amendment") to the Career Equity Program
Deferred Stock Award Agreements dated prior to the date hereof (collectively
referenced the "Agreements") is made this 26th day of July 1993.

                                     * * *

             WHEREAS, AMR Corporation (the "Corporation") and ________ (the
"Employee"), employee number ______, have previously entered into the
Agreements;

             WHEREAS, the Corporation and the Employee wish to amend such
Agreements by this Amendment;

             NOW THEREFORE, in exchange for good and valuable consideration the
sufficiency of which is hereby agreed, the Agreements are hereby amended as
follows.

                                     * * *

             Section 1.       Section 2 of the Agreements is hereby amended by
adding the following paragraph thereto:

             "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and for
the purposes of this Grant, in order to be eligible for the benefits hereunder
associated with Early Retirement, the recipient must be entitled to receive
early retirement pension benefits under the then existing policies of the
Corporation, Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable."

                                       *

             Section 2.       Paragraph 3 of Schedule A of the Agreements is
hereby deleted in its entirety and in its place is substituted the following:

             "3.  Performance Return Payments shall be calculated based on a
five-year rolling average return of investment of AMR Corporation (the "ROI"),
as measured by American Airlines' Incentive Compensation Plan, except that such
measurement shall include subsidiaries and accruals for the Profit Sharing Plan
and the Incentive Compensation Plan.  The ROI for Performance Return Payments
shall be calculated on or before May 1 of each calendar year.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
                                     * * *

             IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Employee and the Corporation have caused
this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above.

                                * * * * * * * *


EMPLOYEE                              AMR CORPORATION



_____________________________         ____________________________
                                      C. D. MarLett
                                      Corporate Secretary





                                      -3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(DDD)
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDMENT TO CAREER EQUITY PROGRAM
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1




                                                                 Exhibit 10(ddd)





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   2



                              SECOND AMENDMENT TO
                             CAREER EQUITY PROGRAM
                        DEFERRED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENTS

                                * * * * * * * *

             This Amendment (the "Amendment") to the Career Equity Program
Deferred Stock Award Agreements dated prior to the date hereof (collectively
referenced, as amended, the "Agreements") is made this 26th day of July 1993.

                                     * * *

             WHEREAS, AMR Corporation (the "Corporation") and ________ (the
"Employee"), employee number ______, have previously entered into the
Agreements;

             WHEREAS, the Corporation and the Employee wish to further amend
such Agreements by this Amendment;

             NOW, THEREFORE, in exchange for good and valuable consideration
the sufficiency of which is hereby agreed, the Agreements are hereby amended as
follows.

                                     * * *

             1.      Section 2 of the Agreements is hereby amended by adding
the following paragraph thereto:

             "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and for
the purposes of this Grant, in order to be eligible for the benefits hereunder
associated with Early Retirement, the recipient must be entitled to receive
early retirement pension benefits under the then existing policies of the
Corporation, Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable."

                                       *

             2.      A new Section 13 is hereby added to the Agreements, such
new Section 13 to read as follows:

                     "13.     Payment of Performance Return Payments and
Dividend Equivalents; Voting Rights.

             (a)     Performance Return Payments.  Subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in the attached Schedule A, Performance Return Payments
(as defined in such Schedule A) shall be paid annually on or about the date as
may be designated from time to time by the Board or any committee thereof (the
"Payment Date") on all or a specified portion of the shares of Deferred Stock
covered by this Award, as set forth in such Schedule A, based on: (i) the
greater of (y) a deemed investment rate equal to the Corporation's Rolling
Average ROI as defined and determined in accordance with





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3



the terms and conditions set forth in such Schedule A or (z) 6%; and (ii) the
value of the Stock as determined by the Board, or any committee thereof,
pursuant to Schedule A.

             In addition, the Employee shall be entitled, subject to the
consent of the Board, to elect to defer receipt of such Performance Return
Payments in accordance with the American Airlines, Inc. 1987 Executive Deferral
Plan or its successor plan.

             (b)     Dividend Equivalents.  The Employee shall also be entitled
to payment of an amount equal to (i) the amount of any dividend declared per
share on the Corporation's Stock after the Grant Date and prior to issuance to,
or forfeiture by, the Employee of the shares of Deferred Stock covered by this
Award, multiplied by (ii) the number of unissued and unforfeited shares of
Deferred Stock covered by this Award, provided (y) that the amount of any such
dividend equivalents shall be offset by the amount of any Performance Return
Payments paid under this Award within the preceding 11 months and (z) that,
unless the Board otherwise decides prior to the dividend payment date, such
dividend equivalent payment shall be automatically deferred and treated as
additional shares of Deferred Stock, subject to the same terms and conditions
that apply to the related shares of Deferred Stock with respect to which such
dividend equivalents were initially payable.

             (c)     Voting and Other Rights.  The Employee shall have no
ownership rights, including voting rights, with respect to the shares of
Deferred Stock covered by this Award unless and until shares of stock are
actually issued to the Employee."

                                       *

             3.      A new Schedule A is hereby added to the Agreements. Such
new Schedule A will be identical to the Schedule A attached hereto.

                                     * * *

             IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Employee and the Corporation have caused
this Second Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above.

                                * * * * * * * *

EMPLOYEE                              AMR CORPORATION



_____________________________         ____________________________
                                      C. D. MarLett
                                      Corporate Secretary





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4



                                   Schedule A
                          Performance Return Payments


1.       Performance Return Payments may be paid on a percentage of the shares
         covered by the Award, such percentage to be established, from time to  
         time, by the Chairman of the Corporation.

2.       The price of those shares, if any, subject to Performance Return
         Payments, will be as determined by the Board, or any committee
         thereof, and will approximate the then existing price of the Stock
         on the New York Stock Exchange.

3.       The three-year rolling average return of investment of AMR Corporation
         (the "ROI"), as referenced in Section 13 of the Agreement, will be
         equal to that determined in accordance American Airlines' Incentive
         Compensation Plan, except that such determination shall include
         subsidiaries and accruals for the Profit Sharing Plan and the
         Incentive Compensation Plan.  This ROI shall be calculated on or
         before March 31 of each calendar year.

4.       In the event of an Employee's termination of employment with the
         Corporation (and any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) for reasons of
         death, Disability, or Retirement, Performance Return Payments, if any,
         which are paid on or around the first occurrence of the Payment Date
         after the date of death, Disability, or Retirement, shall be
         paid to the Employee (or, in the event of the Employee's death, the
         Employee's designated beneficiary for purposes of the Award, or in the
         absence of an effective beneficiary designation, the Employee's
         estate) at the rate of 8 1/3% for each full or partial month of
         employment since the Payment Date of the preceding year. 
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, no Performance Return Payments
         shall be made to an Employee if the Employee's employment with the
         Corporation (and any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) is terminated
         for Cause.





                                      -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(EEE)
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                Exhibit 10(eee)




                                       69
<PAGE>   2
                                                                                





                                                            February 10, 1994



Mr. Charles T. Fisher, III
Tower 100
Suite 2412
Renaissance Center
Detroit, Michigan 48243

Dear Chick:

                 This will confirm the following agreement relating to the
deferral of, and payment of, your directors'  fees:

                 1.       All directors' fees and retainers payable to you in
connection with your service on the boards of directors (including committees
of such boards) of AMR Corporation ("AMR") and American Airlines, Inc. for the
period beginning on and after January 1, 1994, and ending upon December 31,
1994, shall be paid to you on a deferred basis as set forth below.

                 2.       Interest shall be accrued on the amounts to be paid
on a deferred basis pursuant to paragraph 1 above, from the date such fees
would otherwise have been paid to the date actually paid, at the prime rate
which The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association) from time to time charges
in New York for 90-day loans to responsible commercial borrowers, such interest
to be compounded monthly.

                 3.       The total amount to be paid on a deferred basis plus
the aggregate amount of interest accrued thereon and to accrue on the portion
unpaid from time to time shall be paid to you in four installments as follows:

                          a)      on January 1, 1999, 25% of the deferred fees
and 25% of     the     interest accrued through December 31 of the immediately
preceding year;

                          b)      on January 1, 2000, 25% of the deferred fees
and 25% of     the     interest accrued through December 31 of the immediately
preceding year;

                          c)      on January 1, 2001, 25% of the deferred fees
and 25% of     the    interest accrued through December 31 of the immediately
preceding year;      and

                    d)      on January 1, 2002, 25% of the deferred fees and all
         interest accrued and remaining to be paid on such payment date.

         4.      AMR's obligation to make payments pursuant to paragraph 3
hereof shall not be released or modified by reason of your death: In the event
of your death prior to your retirement from the Board of AMR, the amount
deferred and all interest accrued thereon shall be made to Charles T. Fisher,
III, trustee, under the Charles T. Fisher, III Revocable Living Trust, dated
March 24, 1988, as amended.

         If the foregoing is satisfactory to you, please indicate by signing
and returning the enclosed copy of this letter.






                                       70
<PAGE>   3
                                               Very truly yours,


                                               /S/ Charles D. MarLett
                                               Charles D. MarLett
                                               Corporate Secretary



Accepted and agreed:




/S/ Charles T. Fisher, III
Charles T. Fisher, III





                                       71
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(FFF)
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>DEFERRED COMPENSATION PROGRAM
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                 Exhibit 10(fff)





                                       72
<PAGE>   2




                                                            February 11, 1994



Mr. Howard P. Allen
Chairman of the Executive Committee
Southern California Edison Company
P. O. Box 800
Rosemead, California 91770

Dear Howard:

                 This will confirm the following agreement relating to the
deferral of, and payment of, your directors'  fees:

                 1.       All directors' fees and retainers payable to you in
connection with your service on the boards of directors (including committees
of such boards) of AMR Corporation ("AMR") and American Airlines, Inc. for the
period beginning on and after January 1, 1994, and ending upon December 31,
1994, shall be paid to you on a deferred basis as set forth below.

                 2.       Interest shall be accrued on the amounts to be paid
on a deferred basis pursuant to paragraph 1 above, from the date such fees
would otherwise have been paid to the date actually paid, at the prime rate
which The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association) from time to time charges
in New York for 90-day loans to responsible commercial borrowers, such interest
to be compounded monthly.

                 3.       The total amount to be paid on a deferred basis plus
the aggregate amount of interest accrued thereon and to accrue on the portion
unpaid from time to time shall be paid to you in three installments as follows:

                          a)      on the first business day of the first July
immediately following      your retirement, 33 1/3% of the deferred fees and 
33 1/3 % of the      interest accrued through June 30 of that year;

                          b)      on the first business day of the second July
following your         retirement, 33 1/3% of the deferred fees and 33 1/3%
of the interest accrued           through June 30 of that year; and

                          c)      on the first business day of the third July
following your          retirement, 33 1/3 % of the deferred fees and 33 1/3 %
of the interest accrued          through the payment date.

         4.      AMR's obligation to make payments pursuant to paragraph 3
hereof shall not be released or modified by reason of your death: In the event
of your death prior to your retirement from the Board of AMR, the amount
deferred and all interest accrued thereon shall be made to Howard P. Allen and
Dixie M. Allen, trustees under the Allen Family Trust dated August 7, 1986, as
amended.

         If the foregoing is satisfactory to you, please indicate by signing
and returning the enclosed copy of this letter.

                                                Very truly yours,


                                                /S/ Charles D. MarLett
                                                Charles D. MarLett
                                                Corporate Secretary






                                       73
<PAGE>   3
Accepted and agreed:





/S/ Howard P. Allen
Howard P. Allen





                                       74
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(GGG)
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN FOR OFFICERS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                Exhibit 10 (ggg)





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   2
                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.

                        1995 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
                         FOR OFFICERS AND KEY EMPLOYEES


Purpose

The purpose of the 1995 American Airlines Incentive Compensation Plan ("Plan")
for Officers and Key Employees is to provide greater incentive to officers and
key employees of American Airlines, Inc. ("American"), to achieve the highest
level of individual performance, and to meet or exceed specified goals which
will contribute to the success of American.


Definitions

"Fund" is defined as the incentive compensation fund, if any, accumulated in
accordance with this Plan.

"Qualified Earnings" is defined as an employee's pensionable earnings less such
income items as moving expenses and related benefits, disability payments,
incentive or profit sharing awards paid in the Plan year and other awards and
allowances.

"Return on Investment" or "ROI" is defined as Plan Earnings divided by Adjusted
Investment, stated as a percentage.

"Plan Earnings" is defined as AMR Corporation's ("AMR") pretax income plus
AMR's interest expense, plus any accruals for American's profit sharing and
incentive compensation plans, plus aircraft rental expense, less Calculated
Amortization for Operating Leases and less pretax income and interest expense
attributable to AMR subsidiaries other than American.  For purposes of such
calculation, the AMR Incentive Compensation Committee ("Committee") may include
or exclude from Plan Earnings special or non-recurring gains or losses at its
discretion.

"Adjusted Investment" is defined as AMR's Debt (as hereinafter defined) plus
the present value of operating lease rental payments, plus AMR stockholders'
equity, less stockholder's equity attributable to AMR subsidiaries other than
American.  "AMR's Debt" is defined as notes payable plus the current and
non-current portions of both long-term debt and capital leases, less any
long-term debt and capital leases relating to AMR subsidiaries other than
American.

"Calculated Amortization for Operating Leases" is defined as the present value,
at inception, of operating lease rental payments, amortized over the life of
the lease, using the effective interest method.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
"Affiliate" is defined as a subsidiary of AMR or any entity that is designated
by the Board as a participating employer under the Plan, provided that AMR
directly or indirectly owns at least 20% of the combined voting power of all
classes of stock of such entity.

"Set Aside ROI" is defined as 8.0% for a relative rank among the Comparison
Airlines of first through fourth and 9.0% for fifth.

"Set Aside" is defined as the Adjusted Investment (currently $16.4 billion)
multiplied by the Set Aside ROI.


Eligibility for Participation

In order to be eligible to participate in the Plan, an individual must be an
officer or key employee of American who has been employed by an AMR company for
at least three consecutive months during the Plan year.  The three months
service requirement may be waived by the Committee in cases of mandatory
retirement prior to completing three months of service.  During a Plan year,
individuals with less than twelve months eligibility in the Plan may be
eligible to participate in the Plan on a pro rata basis, at the discretion of
the Committee.  In addition, the Committee, in its discretion, may permit
participation by officers and key employees of Affiliates who have been so
employed by the Affiliate for at least three consecutive months during the Plan
year.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, an officer or key employee will not be
eligible to participate in the Plan if such officer or key employee is, at the
same time, eligible to participate in a commission, incentive, profit sharing
or other bonus compensation program sponsored by American or an Affiliate,
unless the Committee otherwise decides.

In general, this Plan includes all American employees Level 5 and above, Level
4 General Managers, and Pilot management Levels 6 - 8 (in lieu of their
participation in the Pilot variable compensation program).  Currently, this
plan covers approximately 1,100 employees.  The Committee reserves the right to
include or exclude any employee from the Plan at its discretion.

In order to receive an award under the Plan, an individual must satisfy the
aforementioned eligibility requirements and must be an employee of American or
an Affiliate at the time an award under the Plan is paid.  If at the time
awards are paid under the Plan, an individual has retired from American or an
Affiliate (including accepting the 1994 Voluntary Early Retirement Program), is
disabled, or has died, the award which the individual otherwise would have
received under the Plan but for such retirement, disability, or death may be
paid to the individual, or his/her estate in the event of death, at the
discretion of the





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
Committee.  Employees who have been terminated before the plan payout date
(including layoff) will not be eligible for awards.

The Incentive Compensation Fund

         (a)     As ROI exceeds the Set Aside ROI, a percentage of Plan
                 Earnings in excess of the Set Aside will be allocated to the
                 Fund.

         (b)     Target ROI varies from 10.0% - 14.0% depending upon ROI rank
                 among the Comparison Airlines.  At target ROI, the fund will
                 accumulate to a size that would enable target percentages of
                 Qualified Earnings payouts for all covered employees.

         (c)     If ROI at the appropriate competitive rank equals or exceeds
                 the Set Aside ROI specified for such rank, the Fund will
                 accumulate at the fund accumulation rate.  If ROI at such
                 competitive rank exceeds the target ROI set forth below with
                 respect to such rank, the Fund will continue to accumulate,
                 but at the incremental accumulation rate specified below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                    American's                                Fund             Incremental
                    Competitive                           Accumulation         Accumulation        Comparison
                        Rank               ROI               Rate(1)             Rate(2)            Airlines
                        ----               ---               -------             -------            --------
                                    Set Aside/Target                                          
                         <S>           <C>                    <C>                 <C>               <C>
                         1             8.0 -10.0%             4.82%               2.59%               Delta
                         2             8.0 -11.0              3.21                2.08               United
                         3             8.0 -12.0              2.41                1.74                USAir
                         4             8.0 -13.0              1.93                1.45              Southwest
                         5             9.0 -14.0              1.93                1.17        
</TABLE>  

         (d)     The fund accumulation and incremental accumulation rates (set
                 forth above) may be modified by the Committee in the event the
                 targeted headcount and salary numbers for the Plan year differ
                 from actual headcount and salary numbers for the Plan year.
                 In the event a modification is made by the Committee to such
                 accumulation rates, the amount of the Fund may be changed, on
                 a retroactive basis if necessary, as determined by the
                 Committee in its discretion.


Allocation of Individual Awards

Individual awards under the Plan will be determined by the Committee (except as
otherwise provided herein) based upon each participant's performance.

_______________
               (1)  Stated as a percentage of Plan Earning in excess of the 
                    Set Aside.
               (2)  Stated as a percentage of Plan earnings in excess of that 
                    level of Plan Earnings at the target ROI percentage.





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
 Unless the Committee otherwise decides, an award made under the Plan, in
combination with any other award made under an incentive, commission, profit
sharing or other bonus compensation program sponsored by American or an
Affiliate may not, in the aggregate, exceed 100% of the participant's base
salary.  At the discretion of the Committee the Fund may not be fully
distributed.  In addition, the aggregate of all awards paid hereunder will not
exceed the lesser of 2.1 times the target fund (subject to year end adjustment
based on actual participant headcount and salaries) or 50% of total base
salaries of all participants.


Administration

The Committee shall have authority to administer and interpret the Plan,
establish administrative rules, approve eligible participants, and take any
other action necessary for the proper operation of the Plan.  In computing the
Return on Investment of the Comparison Airlines, the Committee may include or
exclude special or non-recurring items.  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, no awards will be made under the Plan unless awards
are also made under the 1995 American Airlines Employees Profit Sharing Plan
and the variable compensation program for members of the Allied Pilots
Association (implemented in 1991).  Awards to officers who serve on the
Committee will be determined by the Chairman and approved by the
Compensation/Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors.  The Chairman's
award shall be determined by the Compensation/Nominating Committee of the Board
of Directors.  The amount, if any, of the Fund shall be computed by the General
Auditor of American based on a certification of ROI by American's independent
auditors.  A summary of awards under the Plan shall be provided to the Board of
Directors at the first regular meeting following determination of the awards.


Method of Payment

The Committee will determine the method of payment of awards.  Awards shall be
paid as soon as practicable after audited financial statements for the year
1995 are available.  Individuals, except retirees, may elect to defer their
awards into a 401(k) plan established by American or AMR or into a deferred
compensation program, if any, administered by American or AMR.


General

Neither this Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving
any employee or participant the right to be retained in the employ of American
or an Affiliate.





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any employee any right,
contractually or otherwise, to participate in the Plan or in any benefits
hereunder, other than the right to receive payment of such incentive
compensation as may have been expressly awarded by the Committee.

In consideration of the employee's privilege to participate in the Plan, the
employee agrees (i) not to disclose any trade secrets of, or other
confidential/restricted information of, American, to any unauthorized party
and, (ii) not to make any unauthorized use of such trade secrets or
confidential or restricted information during his or her employment with
American or after such employment is terminated, and (iii) not to solicit any
current employees of American or any subsidiaries of AMR Corporation to join
the employee at his or her new place of employment after his or her employment
with American is terminated.

The Board of Directors may amend, suspend, or terminate the plan at any time.





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
                      1995 AA INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
                            SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION

                        CONFIDENTIAL : DO NOT DISTRIBUTE



Target Award levels:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       Level                                     % of Qualified Earnings
                       -----                                     -----------------------
              <S>                                                        <C>
                        4 GM                                              10.0%
                         5                                                10.0%
                         6                                                15.0%
                         7                                                25.0%
                         8                                                30.0%
                   Vice President                                         35.0%
               Senior Vice President                                      55.0%
              Executive Vice President                                    60.0%
                     President                                           100.0%
</TABLE>



Plan vs. Target

Since the performance measurement for this plan is investment market based
rather than plan (budget) based, target payouts are not necessarily reached
when the Company achieves planned performance.  The following table shows the
expected difference between plan and target payouts for 1995.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Plan                             Target
                                                 ----                             ------
 <S>                                             <C>                           <C>
 Rank                                              2                               1 - 5


 ROI                                             9.68%                         10.0% - 14.0%

 Fund Size* (millions)                           $8.9                              $15.9
 * estimated
</TABLE>





                                      -7-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(HHH)
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>1995 EMPLOYEE PROFIT SHARING PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                 Exhibit 10(hhh)





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   2
                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.

                       1995 EMPLOYEE PROFIT SHARING PLAN


Purpose

The purpose of the 1995 American Airlines Employee Profit Sharing Plan ("Plan")
is to provide participating employees with a sense of commitment to, and direct
financial interest in, the success of American Airlines, Inc. ("American").


Definitions

"Fund" is defined as the profit sharing fund, if any, accumulated in accordance
with this plan.

"Qualified Earnings" is defined as an employee's pensionable earnings less such
income items as moving expenses and related benefits, disability payments,
incentive or profit sharing awards paid in the Plan year and other awards and
allowances.

"Return on Investment" or "ROI" is defined as Plan Earnings divided by Adjusted
Investment, stated as a percentage.

"Plan Earnings" is defined as AMR Corporation's ("AMR") pretax income plus
AMR's interest expense, plus any accruals for American's profit sharing and
incentive compensation plans, plus aircraft rental expense, less Calculated
Amortization for Operating Leases and less pretax income and interest expense
attributable to AMR subsidiaries other than American.  For purposes of such
calculation, the AMR Incentive Compensation Committee ("Committee") may include
or exclude from Plan Earnings special or non-recurring gains or losses at its
discretion.

"Adjusted Investment" is defined as AMR's Debt (as hereinafter defined) plus
the present value of operating lease rental payments, plus AMR stockholders'
equity, less stockholder's equity attributable to AMR subsidiaries other than
American.  "AMR's Debt" is defined as notes payable plus the current and
non-current portions of both long-term debt and capital leases, less any
long-term debt and capital leases relating to AMR subsidiaries other than
American.

"Calculated Amortization for Operating Leases" is defined as the present value,
at inception, of operating lease rental payments, amortized over the life of
the lease, using the effective interest method.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
"Affiliate" is defined as a subsidiary of AMR or any entity that is designated
by the Board as a participating employer under the Plan, provided that AMR
directly or indirectly owns at least 20% of the combined voting power of all
classes of stock of such entity.

"Set Aside" is defined as the Adjusted Investment (currently $16.4 billion)
multiplied by 8%.


Eligibility for Participation

All full-time and part-time employees of American who worked during the Plan
year are eligible to participate in the Plan after completing six consecutive
months of service with any AMR companies.  This six months is included in their
eligible time worked under the Plan.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, an employee will not be eligible to
participate in the Plan if such employee is, at the same time, eligible to
participate in :

      i) the 1995 American Airlines Incentive Compensation Plan for Officers and
         Key Employees,

     ii) the variable compensation program for members of the Allied Pilots
         Association (as implemented in 1991),

    iii) any incentive compensation, profit sharing, or other bonus plan
         implemented in 1995 for employees of any division of American, or

     iv) any incentive compensation, profit sharing, or other bonus plan
         sponsored by an Affiliate.

In general, this Plan includes all American employees Level 4 and below, who
are not covered by the plans described above.  Currently, this Plan covers
approximately 71,000 employees.

Profit Sharing awards will be determined on a proportionate basis for
participation in more than one plan.  Employees who transfer from/to Affiliates
or any other plan described above, and have been employed with any AMR
companies for at least six consecutive months, will receive awards from each
plan on a proportionate basis.

In order to receive an award under the Plan, an individual must satisfy the
aforementioned eligibility requirements and must be an employee of American or
an Affiliate at the time an award under the Plan is paid.  If at the time
awards are paid under the Plan, an individual has retired from American or an
Affiliate (including accepting the 1994 Voluntary Early Retirement Program),
has been terminated without cause (i.e. layoff), is disabled, or has died, the
award which





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
the individual otherwise would have received under the Plan but for such
retirement, termination, disability, or death may be paid to the individual, or
his/her estate in the event of death, at the discretion of the Committee.


The Profit Sharing Fund

Performance will be measured by ROI and the fund will accumulated based on that
performance.  When ROI is above 8.0%, the Profit Sharing Plan will accumulate a
percentage of Plan Earnings in excess of Set Aside (defined as "Incremental
Plan Earnings") according to the rates shown below.  However, once an ROI of
8.0% is achieved, the fund will be established at a minimum of $5 million to
prevent minimal payments for full-time employees.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Rate of Fund accumulation as a % of
                 ROI                   Incremental Plan Earnings
                 ----                  -------------------------
             <S>                     <C>
              8.0 - 11.0%              7% of Incr. Plan Earnings
             11.0 - 13.0%             17% of Incr. Plan Earnings
             13.0 - 18.0%             23% of Incr. Plan Earnings
              above 18.0%             30% of Incr. Plan Earnings
</TABLE>

The size of the Fund will be determined according to the above stated rates and
is not related to the number of employees covered.


Award Distribution

Domestic         For domestic employees, individual awards under the Plan will
be based on:

                 1) the amount of the Profit Sharing Fund,
                 2) the employee's hours worked during the Plan year,
                 3) the employee's total years of service, and
                 4) the employee's Qualified Earnings during the plan year.

             These factors are explained in a following paragraph.

International    A portion of the Fund will be allocated for international
                 employees based on their proportion of factors 2, 3, and 4 in
                 the paragraph above.  This portion of the Fund will be set
                 aside for distribution at the discretion of the appropriate
                 Senior Vice President.





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
Award Determination for Domestic Employees

Individual domestic awards will be computed as follows:

         (a)     Each eligible participant will receive an award equal to the
                 product of 50 percent (50%) of the domestic Fund multiplied by
                 the eligible participant's Hours Worked Percentage (as
                 hereinafter defined).  "Hours Worked Percentage" is defined as
                 that percentage where the denominator is the sum of all hours
                 worked during 1995 by eligible participants hereunder and the
                 numerator is the actual number of hours worked during 1995 by
                 each eligible participant.

         (b)     Each eligible participant will receive an award equal to the
                 product of 25 percent (25%) of the domestic Fund multiplied by
                 the eligible participant's Years Worked Percentage (as
                 hereinafter defined).  "Years Worked Percentage" is defined as
                 that percentage where the denominator is the sum of all years
                 worked by eligible participants hereunder on behalf of
                 American and the numerator is the number of years worked on
                 behalf of American by each eligible participant.

         (c)     Each eligible participant will receive an award equal to the
                 product of 25 percent (25%) of the domestic Fund multiplied by
                 the eligible participant's Qualified Earnings Percentage (as
                 hereinafter defined).  "Qualified Earnings Percentage" is
                 defined as that percentage where the denominator is the sum of
                 all 1994 Qualified Earnings of eligible participants hereunder
                 and the numerator is the Qualified Earnings of each eligible
                 participant.

         (d)     Each individual award will be determined by adding the results
                 of the computations of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) above.

         (e)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the
                 Committee, the Fund may not be fully distributed.  In
                 addition, and unless the Committee otherwise decides, an award
                 made under the Plan, in combination with any other incentive,
                 commission, profit sharing or other bonus award(s) made under
                 another plan of an Affiliate, may not, in the aggregate,
                 exceed 100% of the recipient's base salary, without the
                 approval of the Committee.


Administration

The Plan will be administered by a Committee comprised of officers of American
appointed by the Chairman of AMR.  The Committee will have authority to





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
administer and interpret the Plan, establish administrative rules, determine
eligibility and take any other action necessary for the proper and efficient
operation of the Plan.  The amount, if any, of the Fund shall be computed by
the General Auditor of American based on a certification of ROI by American's
independent auditors.  A summary of awards under the Plan shall be provided to
the Board of Directors at the first regular meeting following determination of
the awards.


Method of Payment

The Committee shall determine the method of payment of awards.  Awards shall be
paid as soon as practicable after audited financial statements for the year
1995 are available.  Individuals, except retirees, may elect to defer their
awards into the 401(k) plan established by American.


General

Neither this Plan nor any action taken thereunder shall be construed as giving
to any employee or participant the right to be retained in the employ of
American or any Affiliate.

Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to give any employee any right,
contractually or otherwise, to participate in the Plan or in any benefits
thereunder, other than the right to receive payment of such award as may have
been expressly determined by the Committee.

In consideration of the employee's privilege to participate in the Plan, the
employee agrees (i) not to disclose any trade secrets of, or other
confidential/restricted information of, American, to any unauthorized party
and, (ii) not to make any unauthorized use of such trade secrets or
confidential or restricted information during his or her employment with
American or after such employment is terminated, and (iii) not to solicit any
current employees of American or any subsidiaries of AMR Corporation to join
the employee at his or her new place of employment after his or her employment
with American is terminated.

The Committee may amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan at any time.





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
                          1995 AA PROFIT SHARING PLAN
                            SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION



Plan vs. Target

Since the performance measurement for this Plan is investment market based
rather than plan (budget) based, target payouts are not necessarily reached
when the Company achieves planned performance.  The following table shows the
expected difference between plan and target payouts.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Plan                             Target
                                                 ----                             ------
<S>                                              <C>                              <C>
 ROI                                             9.68%                            13.67%
 % of Salary                                     0.84%                             5.0%
 Fund Size* (millions)                           $18.7                            $111.4
 * estimated
</TABLE>





                                      -7-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(KKK)
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>PERFORMANCE SHARE PROGRAM
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                 Exhibit 10(kkk)





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   2
                           PERFORMANCE SHARE PROGRAM
                         DEFERRED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT




                 This AGREEMENT made as of the ____ day of ____________ by and
between AMR Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation"), and
___________ (the "Employee"), employee number _________.

                 WHEREAS, the stockholders of the Corporation approved the 1988
Long Term Incentive Plan (the "1988 Plan") at the Corporation's annual meeting
held on May 18, 1988; and

                 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Performance Share Program (the
"Program") adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board"),
the Board has determined to make a Program grant to the Employee of Deferred
Stock (subject to the terms of the l988 Plan and this Agreement), as an
inducement for the Employee to remain an employee of the Corporation (or a
Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof), and to retain and motivate such Employee
during such employment.

                 NOW, THEREFORE, the Corporation and the Employee hereby agree
as follows:

                 1.  Grant of Award.  The Employee is hereby granted as of
____________, (the "Grant Date") a Deferred Stock Award (the "Award"), subject
to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, with respect to _____ shares
of Common Stock, $l.00 par value, of the Corporation ("Stock").  The shares of
Stock covered by the Award shall vest in accordance with Section 2.

                 2.  Vesting. (a)  The Award will vest, if at all, in
accordance with Schedule A, attached hereto and made a part of this Agreement.

                 (b)  In the event of the termination of Employee's employment
with the Corporation (or a Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) prior to the end of
three year measurement period set forth in Schedule A (the "Measurement
Period") due to the Employee's death, Disability, Retirement or termination not
for Cause (each an "Early Termination") the Award will vest, if at all, on a
prorata basis and will be paid to the Employee (or, in the event of the
Employee's death, the Employee's designated beneficiary for purposes of the
Award, or in the absence of an effective beneficiary designation, the
Employee's estate) within 90 days following the end of the Measurement Period.
The prorata share will be a percentage where the denominator is 36 and the
numerator is the number of months from January 1, 1994 through the





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
month of the Early Termination, inclusive.

                 (c)  In the event of the termination of Employee's employment
with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) for Cause, or if
the Employee terminates his employment with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary
or Affiliate thereof) the Award shall be forfeited in their entirety.

                 (d)  In the event of a Change in Control or Potential Change
in Control of the Corporation, the Award shall vest in accordance with the l988
Plan.

                 3.  Elective Deferrals.  At any time at least 12 months prior
to the end of the Measurement Period, the Employee may  elect in writing,
subject to Board approval, to voluntarily defer the receipt of the Stock for a
specified additional period beyond the end of the Measurement Period (the
"Elective Deferral Period").  Any Stock deferred pursuant to this Section 3
shall be issued to the Employee within 60 days after the end of the Elective
Deferral Period.  In the event of the death of the Employee during the Elective
Deferral Period, the Stock so deferred shall be issued to the Employee's
designated Beneficiary (or to the Employee's estate, in the absence of an
effective beneficiary designation) within 60 days after the Corporation
receives written notification of death.

                 4.  Transfer Restrictions.  This Award is non-transferable
otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and may not
otherwise be assigned, pledged or hypothecated and shall not be subject to
execution, attachment or similar process.  Upon any attempt by the Employee (or
the Employee's successor in interest after the Employee's death) to effect any
such disposition, or upon the levy of any such process, the Award may
immediately become null and void, at the discretion of the Board.

                 5.  Miscellaneous.  This Agreement (a) shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of any successor of the Corporation, (b) shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Texas and any applicable laws of the
United States, and (c) may not be amended without the written consent of both
the Corporation and the Employee.  No contract or right of employment shall be
implied by this Agreement.  If this Award is assumed or a new award is
substituted therefore in any corporate reorganization, employment by such
assuming or substituting corporation or by a parent corporation or subsidiary
or affiliate thereof shall be considered for all purposes of this Award to be
employment by the Corporation.

                 6.  Securities Law Requirements.  The Corporation shall not be
required to issue Stock pursuant to this Award unless and until (a) such shares
have been duly listed upon each stock





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
exchange on which the Corporation's Stock is then registered; and (b) a
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to such
shares is then effective.

                 The Board may require the Employee to furnish to the
Corporation, prior to the issuance of the Stock in connection with this Award,
an agreement, in such form as the Board may from time to time deem appropriate,
in which the Employee represents that the shares acquired by him under the
Award are being acquired for investment and not with a view to the sale or
distribution thereof.

                 7.  Incorporation of l988 Plan Provisions.  This Agreement is
made pursuant to the l988 Plan and is subject to all of the terms and
provisions of the l988 Plan as if the same were fully set forth herein.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth for such terms in the l988 Plan.

                                    
EMPLOYEE                                           AMR CORPORATION
                                    
                                    
                                    
_____________________________                By: _____________________
                                                   Charles D. MarLett
                                                   Corporate Secretary
                                    




                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
                                   Schedule A

          The Award hereunder is granted contingent upon the Corporation's
attainment of predetermined cash flow objectives (the "Objectives") over a
three year period beginning January 1, 1993 and ending December 31, 1995 (the
"Measurement Period"). The Objectives will be determined by the Corporation's
cumulative operating cash flow to net assets over the Measurement Period, as
determined by the General Auditor of American Airlines, Inc. and as verified by
the Corporation's independent public accountants.  The amount, if any, of the
Award to be paid following the Measurement Period will be dependent upon the
actual Objective for the Measurement Period and the Corporation's standing with
respect to the Objective relative to four competitors (United, Delta, Southwest
and USAir, or such substitute as may be designated by the Board or any
committee thereof).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AMR Relative Standing
Comparative Airlines                       Percent of Award Earned
---------------------                      -----------------------                                       
<S>                                      <C>           <C>                <C>                    <C>     
1st                                        75%          100%              125%                   150%    
                                                                                                         
2nd                                        50%          75%               100%                   125%    
                                                                                                         
3rd                                        25%          50%                75%                   100%    
                                                                                                         
4th                                        0%           25%                50%                    75%    
                                                                                                         
5th                                        0%             0%                0%                     0%    
                                                                                                         
Objective Attained                         0-             4.75%-            6.25%-       less than 7.75% 
------------------                         4.75%          6.25%             7.75%                        
</TABLE>





                                      -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(LLL)
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>PERFROMANCE SHARE PROGRAM 1994 TO 1996
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                 Exhibit 10(lll)





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   2
                           PERFORMANCE SHARE PROGRAM
                         DEFERRED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT




                 This AGREEMENT made as of the ____ day of ____________ by and
between AMR Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation"), and
___________ (the "Employee"), employee number _________.

                 WHEREAS, the stockholders of the Corporation approved the 1988
Long Term Incentive Plan (the "1988 Plan") at the Corporation's annual meeting
held on May 18, 1988; and

                 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Performance Share Program (the
"Program") adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board"),
the Board has determined to make a Program grant to the Employee of Deferred
Stock (subject to the terms of the l988 Plan and this Agreement), as an
inducement for the Employee to remain an employee of the Corporation (or a
Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof), and to retain and motivate such Employee
during such employment.

                 NOW, THEREFORE, the Corporation and the Employee hereby agree
as follows:

                 l.  Grant of Award.  The Employee is hereby granted as of
____________, (the "Grant Date") a Deferred Stock Award (the "Award"), subject
to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, with respect to _____ shares
of Common Stock, $l.00 par value, of the Corporation ("Stock").  The shares of
Stock covered by the Award shall vest in accordance with Section 2.

                 2.  Vesting. (a)  The Award will vest, if at all, in
accordance with Schedule A, attached hereto and made a part of this Agreement.

                 (b)  In the event of the termination of Employee's employment
with the Corporation (or a Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) prior to the end of
three year measurement period set forth in Schedule A (the "Measurement
Period") due to the Employee's death, Disability, Retirement or termination not
for Cause (each an "Early Termination") the Award will vest, if at all, on a
prorata basis and will be paid to the Employee (or, in the event of the
Employee's death, the Employee's designated beneficiary for purposes of the
Award, or in the absence of an effective beneficiary designation, the
Employee's estate) within 90 days following the end of the Measurement Period.
The prorata share will be a percentage where the denominator is 36 and the
numerator is the number of months from January 1, 1994 through the





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
month of the Early Termination, inclusive.

                 (c)  In the event of the termination of Employee's employment
with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) for Cause, or if
the Employee terminates his employment with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary
or Affiliate thereof) the Award shall be forfeited in their entirety.

                 (d)  In the event of a Change in Control or Potential Change
in Control of the Corporation, the Award shall vest in accordance with the l988
Plan.

                 3.  Elective Deferrals.  At any time at least 12 months prior
to the end of the Measurement Period, the Employee may  elect in writing,
subject to Board approval, to voluntarily defer the receipt of the Stock for a
specified additional period beyond the end of the Measurement Period (the
"Elective Deferral Period").  Any Stock deferred pursuant to this Section 3
shall be issued to the Employee within 60 days after the end of the Elective
Deferral Period.  In the event of the death of the Employee during the Elective
Deferral Period, the Stock so deferred shall be issued to the Employee's
designated Beneficiary (or to the Employee's estate, in the absence of an
effective beneficiary designation) within 60 days after the Corporation
receives written notification of death.

                 4.  Transfer Restrictions.  This Award is non-transferable
otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and may not
otherwise be assigned, pledged or hypothecated and shall not be subject to
execution, attachment or similar process.  Upon any attempt by the Employee (or
the Employee's successor in interest after the Employee's death) to effect any
such disposition, or upon the levy of any such process, the Award may
immediately become null and void, at the discretion of the Board.

                 5.  Miscellaneous.  This Agreement (a) shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of any successor of the Corporation, (b) shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Texas and any applicable laws of the
United States, and (c) may not be amended without the written consent of both
the Corporation and the Employee.  No contract or right of employment shall be
implied by this Agreement.  If this Award is assumed or a new award is
substituted therefore in any corporate reorganization, employment by such
assuming or substituting corporation or by a parent corporation or subsidiary
or affiliate thereof shall be considered for all purposes of this Award to be
employment by the Corporation.

                 6.  Securities Law Requirements.  The Corporation shall not be
required to issue Stock pursuant to this Award unless and until (a) such shares
have been duly listed upon each stock





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
exchange on which the Corporation's Stock is then registered; and (b) a
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to such
shares is then effective.

                 The Board may require the Employee to furnish to the
Corporation, prior to the issuance of the Stock in connection with this Award,
an agreement, in such form as the Board may from time to time deem appropriate,
in which the Employee represents that the shares acquired by him under the
Award are being acquired for investment and not with a view to the sale or
distribution thereof.

                 7.  Incorporation of 1988 Plan Provisions.  This Agreement is
made pursuant to the 1988 Plan and is subject to all of the terms and
provisions of the 1988 Plan as if the same were fully set forth herein.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth for such terms in the l988 Plan.

                                  
EMPLOYEE                                         AMR CORPORATION
                                  
                                  
                                  
_____________________________              By: _____________________
                                                 Charles D. MarLett
                                                 Corporate Secretary
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  

                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
                                   Schedule A

          The Award hereunder is granted contingent upon the Corporation's
attainment of predetermined cash flow objectives (the "Objectives") over a
three year period beginning January 1, 1994 and ending December 31, 1996 (the
"Measurement Period"). The Objectives will be determined by the Corporation's
cumulative operating cash flow to net assets over the Measurement Period, as
determined by the General Auditor of American Airlines, Inc. and as verified by
the Corporation's independent public accountants.  The amount, if any, of the
Award to be paid following the Measurement Period will be dependent upon the
actual Objective for the Measurement Period and the Corporation's standing with
respect to the Objective relative to four competitors (United, Delta, Southwest
and USAir, or such substitute as may be designated by the Board or any
committee thereof).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AMR Relative Standing
Comparative Airlines                       Percent of Award Earned
---------------------                      -----------------------
<S>                                      <C>           <C>                <C>              <C>              <C>
1st                                        75%          100%              125%             150%             175%

2nd                                        50%          75%               100%             125%             150%

3rd                                        25%          50%                75%             100%             125%

4th                                        0%           25%                50%              75%             100%

5th                                        0%            0%                 0%               0%               0%

Objective Attained                         0-            5.25%-             6.75%-           8.25%           +9.25%
------------------                         5.25%         6.75%              8.25%            9.25%

</TABLE>




                                      -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(MMM)
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PROGRAM
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                 Exhibit 10(mmm)





Revised November 1994
<PAGE>   2





                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.

                   SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PROGRAM

                           EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 1985





Revised November 1994
<PAGE>   3
                  SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PROGRAM OF
                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.





                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                    Article                       Subject
                    -------                       -------
                      <S>                     <C>
                       I                      Definitions

                      II                      Benefits

                      III                     Payments of Benefits

                      IV                      Amendment and Termination

                       V                      General Conditions

                      VI                      Funding

</TABLE>




                                       1
<PAGE>   4
                  SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PROGRAM OF
                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.




PURPOSE

This Plan provides supplemental pension benefits to the elected officers of
American Airlines, Inc.  The supplemental benefits consist of amounts in excess
of the maximum pension benefits payable under a Participant's Base Plan and a
retirement benefit based on a Participant's Incentive Compensation and
Performance Returns.


                                   ARTICLE I

                                  DEFINITIONS

1.1   Act - The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended,
      and any successor thereto.

1.2   Average Incentive Compensation - An amount calculated as follows:

      (a)    The sum of a Participant's five highest annual Incentive
             Compensation awards (or the sum of all awards if a Participant has
             fewer than five such awards) paid to a participant during the time
             period beginning on or after January 1, 1985, and ending the
             earlier of: i) the Participant's actual retirement under the Base
             Plan, ii) the Participant's death, or iii) the Participant's
             retirement.  If an individual earns less than a full year of
             Credited Service as a Participant in any year in which Incentive
             Compensation is paid, that portion of the Incentive Compensation
             taken into account will be prorated based on the number of months
             in which the individual earns any Credited Service while a
             Participant.

      (b)    Divide the sum determined in (a), above, by 5.

1.3   Average Performance Returns - An amount calculated as follows:

      (a)    The sum of a Participant's five highest annual Performance Return
             awards (or the sum of all awards if a Participant has fewer than
             five such awards) paid in the ten calendar years preceding the
             first to occur of:  i) the Participant's actual retirement under
             the Base Plan, ii) the Participant's death, or iii) the
             Participant's retirement.

      (b)    Divide the sum determined in (a), above, by 5.

1.4   Base Plan - The Retirement Benefit Plan(s) of the Company which qualify
      under Section 401 of the Code (or its successor provision) and under
      which a Participant is eligible to receive benefits.





                                       2
<PAGE>   5
                  SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PROGRAM OF
                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.



1.5   Base Plan Benefit - The annual benefit which a Participant or beneficiary
      is entitled to receive from the Base Plan upon retirement, disability,
      death or termination of employment, subject to Base Plan provisions which
      limit such benefit to the maximum amount permitted by the Code.

1.6   Code - The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.7   Committee - The administrative committee appointed to manage and
      administer the Plan.

1.8   Company - American Airlines, Inc. and any subsidiary thereof or of AMR
      Corporation ("AMR") which is designated for inclusion in the Plan as
      determined by the Board of Directors of AMR.

1.9   Credited Service - Credited Service as defined and determined under the
      Participant's Base Plan.

1.10  Excess Retirement Benefit - The amount by which the Participant's Total
      Benefit exceeds the corresponding Base Plan Benefit, if any.

1.11  Incentive Compensation - Compensation paid to a participant on or after
      January 1, 1985, in accordance with one of the incentive compensation
      plans adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company, whether paid
      currently or deferred.  For purposes of this definition, long-term,
      multi-year incentive compensation plans are not included.

1.12  Participant - An elected officer of American Airlines, Inc. (or
      designated officers of another Company) who is a participant in a Base
      Plan.

1.13  Performance Returns - Compensation paid to a Participant, on a specified
      portion of career equity shares granted to a Participant, as determined
      by the Board of Directors of the Company.

1.14  Plan - The Supplemental Executive Retirement Program of American
      Airlines, Inc.

1.15  Supplemental Incentive Compensation Retirement Benefit - The amount
      determined by multiplying the Average Incentive Compensation by 2% for
      each year of Credited Service.

1.16  Supplemental Performance Return Retirement Benefit - The amount
      determined by multiplying the Average Performance Return by 2% for each
      year of Credited Service.





                                       3
<PAGE>   6
                  SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PROGRAM OF
                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.



1.17  Total Benefit - The annual amount of a Participant's or a beneficiary's
      benefit under the Base Plan computed without regard to Base Plan
      provisions which limit the benefit to the maximum amount permitted by the
      Code.


                                   ARTICLE II

                                    BENEFITS

2.1   The Plan will pay a Participant an annual retirement benefit equal to the
      sum of a Participant's Excess Retirement Benefit, Supplemental Incentive
      Compensation Retirement Benefit, and Supplemental Performance Return
      Retirement Benefit.

2.2   The benefit under Section 2.1 of this Plan will be reduced by a Social
      Security offset amount, if any, determined in accordance with the
      applicable provisions of the Base Plan.

2.3   If no benefit is payable under the Base Plan, then no benefit will be
      payable under this Plan.


                                  ARTICLE III

                              PAYMENT OF BENEFITS

3.1   Except as provided in Sections 3.3 and 3.4, benefits hereunder shall be
      payable at the same time and in the same manner hereunder as under the
      Base Plan.  Any designation of beneficiary or contingent annuitant or
      revocation in effect under the Base Plan shall be in effect under this
      Plan.

3.2   All rules of the Base Plan consistent with this Plan will apply,
      including but not limited to, Social Security offset provisions, early
      retirement reductions, optional forms of benefit, pre-retirement
      surviving spouse's annuity, and spousal consent requirements.

3.3   Except as provided in Section 3.4, all benefits under this Plan will be
      paid in monthly installments only, unless the Committee in its sole
      discretion directs payment in another form.  The Participant may elect
      any of the standard equity forms provided under the Base Plan.





                                       4
<PAGE>   7

                  SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PROGRAM OF
                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.



3.4   In lieu of monthly payments pursuant to Section 3.3, a Participant may
      elect to claim a lump-sum, one-time payment equal to the present value of
      the Benefits to be paid pursuant to Article II of this Agreement (the
      "Lump-Sum Payment").  Such claim shall i) be in writing, ii) be in a form
      as prescribed by the Company, iii) be addressed to the Company's Vice
      President Personnel Resources, and iv) be made by a Participant at least
      one year (or such lesser period as the Committee may permit) before he or
      she commences payments or one year before age 65, whichever is the first
      to occur.  In addition to the foregoing, the Participant must execute a
      general release; submit to a physical examination to provide medical
      evidence of normal life expectancy satisfactory to the Company; and
      provide consent of spouse, if married.  If the Participant's claim is
      denied, the Participant or the Participant's spouse will receive a
      written notice.  Any appeal of a denied claim under this Section 3.4 will
      be processed in accordance with the appeal procedures of the Base Plan.
      In calculating the Lump-Sum Payment, the interest rate shall be equal to
      that rate of interest then being earned on bonds rated Moody's AAA
      Corporate Bond Rate for the third month preceding the Participant's
      retirement date plus 100 basis points.  Upon acceptance of the lump-sum
      claim, the Lump-Sum Payment will be paid to the Participant within 30
      days of the Participant's first receipt of benefits under the Base Plan.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                           AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

4.1   The Board of Directors of the Company, or such person or persons,
      including the Committee, as may be designated in writing, may amend or
      terminate the Plan at any time.

4.2   No such amendment or termination pursuant to Section 4.1 shall adversely
      affect a benefit payable under this Plan with respect to a Participant's
      employment by the Company prior to the date of such amendment or
      termination unless such benefit is or becomes payable under a successor
      plan or practice adopted by the Board of Directors or its designee.

4.3   Notwithstanding Sections 4.1 and 4.2 of the Plan, no changes or
      amendments (including termination) to the Plan will be permitted after a
      Change in Control or Potential Change in Control (each as defined in the
      1988 Long Term Incentive Plan (or its successor plan) of AMR).





                                       5
<PAGE>   8
                  SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PROGRAM OF
                            AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC.




                                   ARTICLE V

                               GENERAL CONDITIONS

5.1   The right to receive benefits under the Plan may not be anticipated,
      alienated, sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, encumbered or subjected
      to any charge or legal process, and if any attempt is made to do so or a
      person eligible for any benefit becomes bankrupt, the interest under the
      Plan of the person affected may be terminated by the Committee and the
      Committee may in its sole discretion cause the same to be held or applied
      for the benefit of one or more of the dependents of such person.

5.2   All questions pertaining to the construction, validity and effect of the
      Plan shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the United States
      and the State of Texas.


                                   ARTICLE VI

                                    FUNDING

The Company will pay the entire cost of the Plan.  It is the intent of the
Company to pay benefits as they become payable from its general assets.


                                  ARTICLE VII

                                     TRUST

7.1   To assist in the payment of benefits following a Change in Control or
      Potential Change in Control (each as defined in the 1988 Long-Term
      Incentive Plan (or its successors) of AMR) with respect to AMR, the Board
      of Directors of the Company or its General Counsel or its Corporate
      Secretary may establish a trust.

7.2   The trust which may be established pursuant to Section 7.1 will be:  i)
      with a nationally recognized banking institution with experience in
      serving as a trustee for such matters, ii) pursuant to such documentation
      as recommended by outside counsel to the Company, and iii) funded so as
      to enable the trust to pay the benefits contemplated under the Plan as
      may be determined by the Company's independent compensation consultant.
      In addition, the Company's Board of Directors, its General Counsel or its
      Corporate Secretary, may take those additional actions deemed reasonably
      necessary to accomplish the stated purpose of Section 7.1.





                                       6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(NNN)
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>CAREER EQUITY PROGRAM AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                 Exhibit 10(nnn)





                                      -1-
<PAGE>   2
                             CAREER EQUITY PROGRAM
                         DEFERRED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT




                 This AGREEMENT made as of the _____ day of ______________, by
and between AMR Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation"), to
___________ (the "Employee"), employee number ___________.

                 WHEREAS, the stockholders of the Corporation approved the 1988
Long Term Incentive Plan (the "1988 Plan") at the Corporation's annual meeting
held on May 18, 1988; and

                 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Career Equity Program adopted by the
Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board"), the Board has determined
to make a Career Equity Program grant to the Employee of Deferred Stock
(subject to the terms of the 1988 Plan and this Agreement), as an inducement
for the Employee to remain an employee of the Corporation, and to retain and
motivate such Employee during his employment with the Corporation.

                 NOW, THEREFORE, the Corporation and the Employee hereby agree
as follows:

                 1.  Grant of Award.  The Employee is hereby granted as of
____________________ (the "Grant Date") a Deferred Stock Award (the "Award"),
subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, with respect to
______ shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value, of the Corporation ("Stock").
The shares of Stock covered by the Award shall vest in accordance with Sections
2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 hereof.

                 2.  Vesting - Normal Retirement or Early Retirement. In the
event of the termination of Employee's employment with the Corporation (or any
Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) on or after the Grant Date due to Normal
Retirement (which is defined as retirement from employment with the
Corporation, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, at or after age 60), the
shares of Stock covered by the Award shall become fully vested.

                 In the event of the termination of the Employee's employment
with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) on or after the
Grant Date due to Early Retirement (which is defined as an early retirement
from employment with the Corporation, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof,
at or after age 55 but before age 60), the shares of stock covered by the Award
shall vest in accordance with the following schedule:





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Percentage of
                                                                                Award
                   Age                                                          Vested
                   ---                                                    -----------------
                    <S>                                                          <C>
                    55                                                           85%
                    56                                                           88%
                    57                                                           91%
                    58                                                           94%
                    59                                                           97%
</TABLE>

                 Share certificates for the number of shares covered by a
vested Award (whether in full or partial) shall be issued and delivered to the
Employee on or about the date of Retirement.

                 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and
for the purposes of this Grant, in order to be eligible for the benefits
hereunder associated with Early Retirement, the recipient must be entitled to
receive early retirement pension benefits under the then existing policies of
the Corporation, Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable.

                 3.  Vesting - Death or Disability.  In the event of the
termination of Employee's employment with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or
Affiliate thereof) on or after the Grant Date due to the Employee's death or
Disability, the shares of Stock covered by the Award shall vest at a rate of
20% for each full year of employment with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or
Affiliate thereof) after the Grant Date (with pro rata vesting for each full
month of employment in partial years).  In such case, share certificates for
the number of shares so vested shall be issued and delivered to the Employee
(or, in the event of the Employee's death, the Employee's designated
beneficiary for purposes of the Award, or in the absence of an effective
beneficiary designation, the Employee's estate) within 60 days after the
Employee's death or Disability.

                 4.  Vesting - Termination Not for Cause.  If the Employee's
employment with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) is
terminated on or after the Grant Date by the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or
Affiliate thereof) other than for Cause, the shares of Stock covered by the
Award shall vest at a rate of 10% for each full year of employment with the
Corporation (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) after the Grant Date (with
pro rata vesting for each full month of employment in partial years). In such
case, share certificates for the number of shares so vested shall be issued and
delivered to the Employee in five equal annual installments with the first
installment being made one year after the date of such termination; provided,
however, that in the event of such termination, vesting of the shares under the
Award as provided herein may be predicated upon the Employee agreeing to such
terms and conditions as required by the Corporation, including, but not limited
to, non-competition and non-disclosure agreements.





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
                 5.  Vesting - Termination for Cause; Other.  In the event that
the Employee's employment with the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate
thereof) is terminated for Cause, or if the Employee terminates his employment
with the Corporation, or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof, (other than for
reasons of Retirement or Disability), all shares of Stock covered by the Award
shall be forfeited.

                 6.  Vesting - Change in Control; Potential Change in Control.
In the event of a Change in Control or Potential Change in Control of the
Corporation, shares under the Award shall vest in accordance with the l988
Plan.

                 7.  Elective Deferrals.  At any time at least 12 months prior
to the date of the Employee's Retirement, the Employee may elect in writing,
subject to Board approval, to voluntarily defer the receipt of the shares of
Stock covered by the Award for a specified additional period beyond the date of
the Employee's termination of employment (the "Elective Deferral Period").  Any
shares deferred pursuant to this Section 7 shall be issued to the Employee
within 60 days after the end of the Elective Deferral Period.  In the event of
the death of the Employee during the Elective Deferral Period, the shares so
deferred shall be issued to the Employee's designated Beneficiary (or to the
Employee's estate, in the absence of an effective beneficiary designation)
within 60 days after the Board receives written notification of death.

                 8.  Transfer Restrictions.  This Award is non-transferable
otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and may not
otherwise be assigned, pledged or hypothecated and shall not be subject to
execution, attachment or similar process.  Upon any attempt by the Employee (or
the Employee's successor in interest after the Employee's death) to effect any
such disposition, or upon the levy of any such process, the Award shall
immediately become null and void, at the discretion of the Board.

                 9.  Miscellaneous.  This Agreement (a) shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of any successor of the Corporation, (b) shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Texas and any applicable laws of the
United States, and (c) may not be amended without the written consent of both
the Corporation and the Employee.  No contract or right of employment shall be
implied by this Agreement.  If this Award is assumed or a new award is
substituted therefore in any corporate reorganization, employment by such
assuming or substituting corporation or by a parent corporation or subsidiary
or affiliate thereof shall be considered for all purposes of this Award to be
employment by the Corporation.





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
                 10.  Securities Law Requirements.  The Corporation shall not
be required to issue shares pursuant to this Award unless and until (a) such
shares have been duly listed upon each stock exchange on which the
Corporation's Stock is then registered; and (b) a registration statement under
the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to such shares is then effective.

                 The Board may require the Employee to furnish to the
Corporation, prior to the issuance of any shares of Stock in connection with
this Award, an agreement, in such form as the Board may from time to time deem
appropriate, in which the Employee represents that the shares acquired by him
under the Award are being acquired for investment and not with a view to the
sale or distribution thereof.

                 11.  Incorporation of 1988 Plan Provisions.  This Agreement is
made pursuant to the 1988 Plan and is subject to all of the terms and 
provisions of the 1988 Plan as if the same were fully set forth herein.
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth for such terms in the 1988 Plan.

                 12.      Participation in Long-Term Incentive Plans.  If at
the time of i) Employee's Retirement from the Corporation (or any Subsidiary or
Affiliate thereof) or ii), the termination of Employee's employment with the
Corporation (or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) for reasons other than for
cause, the Employee has received payment(s) under the terms of a long- term
incentive plan(s) adopted by any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Corporation,
the Employee agrees that in lieu of the shares of Stock that have vested
pursuant to this award, the Employee will receive shares of stock having a fair
market value as of the vesting date equal to the positive difference, if any,
between the fair market value (as of the vesting date) of the shares of Stock
that have vested hereunder and the aggregate nominal value of the payment(s)
made under such long-term incentive plan(s).

             13.     Payment of Performance Return Payments and Dividend
Equivalents; Voting Rights.

             (a)     Performance Return Payments.  Subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in the attached Schedule A, Performance Return Payments
(as defined in such Schedule A) shall be paid annually on or about the date as
may be designated from time to time by the Board or any committee thereof (the
"Payment Date") on all or a specified portion of the shares of Deferred Stock
covered by this Award, as set forth in such Schedule A, based on: (i) the
greater of (y) a deemed investment rate equal to the Corporation's Rolling
Average ROI as defined and determined in accordance with the terms and
conditions set forth in such Schedule A or (z) 6%; and (ii) the value of the
Stock as determined by the Board, or any committee thereof, pursuant to
Schedule A.





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
             In addition, the Employee shall be entitled, subject to the
consent of the Board, to elect to defer receipt of such Performance Return
Payments in accordance with the American Airlines, Inc. 1987 Executive Deferral
Plan or its successor plan.

             (b)     Dividend Equivalents.  The Employee shall also be entitled
to payment of an amount equal to (i) the amount of any dividend declared per
share on the Corporation's Stock after the Grant Date and prior to issuance to,
or forfeiture by, the Employee of the shares of Deferred Stock covered by this
Award, multiplied by (ii) the number of unissued and unforfeited shares of
Deferred Stock covered by this Award, provided (y) that the amount of any such
dividend equivalents shall be offset by the amount of any Performance Return
Payments paid under this Award within the preceding 11 months and (z) that,
unless the Board otherwise decides prior to the dividend payment date, such
dividend equivalent payment shall be automatically deferred and treated as
additional shares of Deferred Stock, subject to the same terms and conditions
that apply to the related shares of Deferred Stock with respect to which such
dividend equivalents were initially payable.

             (c)     Voting and Other Rights.  The Employee shall have no
ownership rights, including voting rights, with respect to the shares of
Deferred Stock covered by this Award unless and until shares of stock are
actually issued to the Employee."

                                     * * *



EMPLOYEE                              AMR CORPORATION


-----------------------------         ----------------------------
                                      C. D. MarLett
                                      Corporate Secretary





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
                                   Schedule A
                          Performance Return Payments


1.       Performance Return Payments may be paid on a percentage of the shares
         covered by the Award, such percentage to be established, from time to
         time, by the Chairman of the Corporation.

2.       The price of those shares, if any, subject to Performance Return
         Payments, will be as determined by the Board, or any committee
         thereof, and will approximate the then existing price of the Stock on
         the New York Stock Exchange.

3.       The three-year rolling average return of investment of AMR Corporation
         (the "ROI"), as referenced in Section 13 of the Agreement, will be
         equal to that determined in accordance American Airlines' Incentive
         Compensation Plan, except that such determination shall include
         subsidiaries and accruals for the Profit Sharing Plan and the
         Incentive Compensation Plan.  This ROI shall be calculated on or
         before March 31 of each calendar year.

4.       In the event of an Employee's termination of employment with the
         Corporation (and any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof) for reasons of
         death, Disability, or Retirement, Performance Return Payments, if any,
         which are paid on or around the first occurrence of the Payment Date
         after the date of death, Disability, or Retirement, shall be paid to
         the Employee (or, in the event of the Employee's death, the Employee's
         designated beneficiary for purposes of the Award, or in the absence of
         an effective beneficiary designation, the Employee's estate) at the
         rate of 8 1/3% for each full or partial month of employment since the
         Payment Date of the preceding year.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
         however, no Performance Return Payments shall be made to an Employee
         if the Employee's employment with the Corporation (and any Subsidiary
         or Affiliate thereof) is terminated for Cause.





                                      -7-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                              23
<SECURITIES>                                       754
<RECEIVABLES>                                    1,232
<ALLOWANCES>                                        26
<INVENTORY>                                        678
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                 3,118
<PP&E>                                          19,993
<DEPRECIATION>                                   5,733
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  19,486
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                            4,914
<BONDS>                                          6,193
<COMMON>                                            76
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                         78
<OTHER-SE>                                       3,226
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                    19,486
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                16,137
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   15,131
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 637
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                    370
<INCOME-TAX>                                       142
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                228
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                       228
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     4.51
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     4.51
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
